	Renate returns to the building very early in the morning. She hikes up the steps to her apartment, tired beyond belief. Stopping in front of her door, she fumbles for her keys. "Aha! no... crud... that's Rien's..." Over the rattling of the metal, she hears a crash from the apartment above hers. "What the... That's Rien's apartment!" There is a sudden shift in air pressure as Rien's door flies open, and air starts to pour into it. "Oh. Damn. No rest tonight."

	Renate flies down the hall, leaping up the stairs five at a time. She gets to the open door before any other doors on the hall can open. Without so much as a moment's hesitation to look inside, she grabs the knob and does her best to pull the door shut behind her. As the door nears closure, the pressure increases as the same amount of air tries to pour through a smaller gap. The wind shrieks insanely as it flies past her ears.

	Renate flattens herself against the closed door. Shouting is no use; he'll never hear her over all this din. But Rien could not hear her regardless. He appears to be floating in mid-air, in what Ren guesses to be the center of this mysterious windstorm. He appears to be asleep, and from the way he's thrashing around, he looks like he's having a nightmare.

	She ducks a flying book without thinking, only to have a teacup shatter against her forehead, leaving a nasty five-centimeter gash. Oh, well. Nothing she can do from here. She judges the distance and the wind briefly, then leaps right into the maelstrom, trusting to luck to help her reach him. A sudden gust of wind hits her in the posterior, propelling her straight into him. Providence, it appears, is on her side. She grabs for his shoulders and clings like a baby monkey to its mother. When he wakes up he'll fall, and he won't be ready for it; better he should land on her than on furniture, or the bare floor. "Rien! Rien, please, you have to wake up! Rien, it's Renate, you're safe, it's all right!"

	Rien starts to thrash harder, the nightmare is getting worse. Suddenly, as with all nightmares, it hits its climax, and he wakes up, screaming. His back arches while he's still in mid-air, and his shrieks break the sudden silence as the wind dies as quickly as it came up. They fall.

	"Hush, it's just a dream, just a -- ow. Goodness, you're heavy."

	Rien rolls off her. "It found me..."

	She realises that his voice is choral... this isn't Rien speaking. "What did?" she asks warily. She can feel a little rivulet of blood trail down one cheek, but it doesn't matter at the moment.

	"It...found...me."

	 She reaches for his hands. "All that's found you is me, and I won't hurt you. It was only a dream, do you understand? Nothing and no one is going to hurt you."

	"The nightmare that I battled on Armageddon while going to Atlantis. It caught up with me, and it wanted revenge."

	Renate edges closer, wincing at a twinge in her back from where she fell on her sword-sheath. "It's not here. You're safe. I won't let anything hurt you."

	Suddenly, he looks straight at her with his incandescent eyes. "Renate... you're hurt."

	"I'm fine." His sword suddenly appears in his hand, still glowing white with holy energy. "No -- wait -- that isn't necessary -- Please. Let the sword go. You don't need it. I promise."

	Rien runs his hand down the flat of the blade, collecting a palmful of Holy Power. He splits it between his hands, smoothing one portion over he forehead and the other down her back.

	"I -- what are you doing?" She manages to curb her instinct to jerk away from him. The cut on her forehead closes as his hand runs Holy Power over it. The ache in her back subsides. "Oh." She touches the healed cut with her fingertips, wondering. "Thank you."

	"Rien does not know this, but I do not always fully take him over. His sensibilities and his care for you are still here." Rien taps his forehead and his heart. "He would not like to see you hurt on his account."

	"May I ask who you are?" The words are formal, but the tone very tentative.

	"I am... I... am... I... don't know."

	She nods. "That's all right. I don't need to know."

	Suddenly the glow in his eyes fades, and Rien slumps over. Just as suddenly sitting up, Rien surveys the destruction around him with wild blue eyes. "Who? What? Where? How? Huh?"

	"Shh... shhh... it's all right. Sit back."

	"Renate? What are you doing here? How did all of this happen?"

	"I just got home. Your other self -- he was dreaming."

	His eyes focus on her face. "Why is there blood on your temple? Oh gods... what have I done this time?"

	"Nothing. Nothing. He was having a nightmare, that's all. He was afraid. I woke him up, and he was fine. He healed me. Look." She rubs some of the blood away with one finger, revealing the unharmed skin beneath.

	"He... healed you? How?" Rien looks very puzzled.

	"I'm supposed to know how your other self does things?" She pulls herself up off the floor, hand by hand up a chair leg. "Mercy of Michael, I'm tired. Come on, get back in bed before you catch cold or something."

	"OK..."

	"That's better."

	"I suppose it's a good thing that Godfrey's coming around tomorrow to redecorate... isn't it?"

	She smiles. "Probably."

	"One hell of a cleaning job ahead of me."

	"No real harm done, though. Just a teacup. Probably mine, the way my luck runs. Um, what he did was bring out that white sword, run his hand down it, and touch me."

	Rien looks at his hands. "Err... ok."

	Renate shifts from the chair to the edge of the bed. "Want to hear more about him, or would you rather try and get some more sleep?"

	"It's rare that anyone can give me a coherent account of him... Even Sabra couldn't tell me much about him."

	"All right, then. Close your eyes." Rien closes his eyes, as bidden. Renate smooths down his disheveled skunk-striped hair. "I heard a crash from your apartment when I got to my door. I think it was that box over there, falling off the table. When I got here, he was the eye of a minor hurricane. Things flying all over. He was beating at the air, the way you do when you're dream-fighting." She says it as one quite familiar with dreams of fighting. Rien listens intently.

	"Teacup hit me about then. So I jumped for him, got underneath him so he wouldn't hurt himself falling. He woke up and -- well, we landed where we were when you came back. You're bloody heavy, by the way. Just so you know."

	"Err... thanks... I think."

	"Well, don't make a habit of falling on me, that's all."

	"I'll try to remember that."

	"Anyway, he woke up terrified, said that 'it' had found him. When I asked, he said that 'it' was something he'd fought on the way to Atlantis. In... Armageddon? 'It' wanted revenge, apparently."

	"A nightmare, probably."

	"Oh, definitely. I know the type," she says, with an infinitesimal amount of rue.

	"It's said that just above the mirror realm there is a big chessboard which seperates the astral plane from the material plane... It's called Armageddon, and it's where nightmares roam."

	She finds his hand again. "Rien. Be careful, dear. Stay with me. Nothing will hurt you here. I promise."

	"One day, when the world comes to an end, the forces of Good and Evil will battle on that plane for ultimate supremacy."

	"Well, that's a way off yet. Stay in the now, Rien."

	Rien swallows hard. "It's ok... I'm still here."

	"That's good. Not that I minded your other self. He's all right. When I reached for him to calm him down, he saw the cut on my head. He fixed it. And he said -- he said that you don't know this, but he doesn't take you over all the way. What you think, what you feel -- they matter to him; they govern what he does. He said that he was healing me because you wouldn't want me hurt."

	"But apparently they don't govern him enough."

	She ravels the rest of the dried blood off her forehead. "You're afraid of him. Can you tell me why?"

	"No... I don't think I can... not yet, anyway."

	She cradles his cheek with one hand. "All right. I'll tell you what I think, then. I think you're both afraid. You of him; he, that something will happen to you if he's not there to help. He doesn't trust you to take care of yourself. I think he'd come if you called him, work with you instead of against you -- but you'll have to learn to trust him first. Or at least not to fear him."

	"That's easy for you to say."

	"Mm. Yes, it is, I suppose. Fear is a strong instinct. Look what I did last night, because I fear Andragar." Her voice is worn, thready. "But we have other instincts than fear. They can be harder to find, but they're there. I can help you work on them, if you're willing. Help you make a place in your soul that isn't afraid even when the rest of you is. Maybe there, you and he can get to know each other."

	"I'll... have to think about that."

	"It won't be today. I'm about worn out, I'm afraid. No, close your eyes."

	Rien takes in how haggard she looks. "Why are you awake right now? Go home! Sleep!"

	"Shhhh. I'll go when I'm good and ready. Now, listen to me, Rien. I'm going to try to help you a little. At least enough so no more nightmares tonight. You find the quiet place in your soul through your body. Your body knows where it is. Your heart knows, your breath knows, your blood knows. Listen to them. Just close your eyes and listen to them, and don't worry about anything else." 

	Rien does as he's told. She feels the pulse in his temple slow underneath her fingers, sees the lines fade from his forehead. "That's good. Keep listening. If you're like me, one minute you'll feel heavy as lead, and the next lighter than soap-bubbles. That's all right. The quiet place is somewhere in between. You may not find it tonight. But it's there, and I'll help you reach it. Just keep listening. Heart, breath, and blood."

	She too sinks into meditation briefly, seeking a moment of precious peace after the tumults of that day and night. At last she says, "I'm going back downstairs. If you need anything, come wake me up. I'll put a note on your door for Aryk not to bother you."

	"G'n'gh'..." Rien says sleepily.

	"Good night, Rien, dear." One last light caress, and no more. Renate steals out of the room quieter than an incorporeal angel.

-----------------------------

	Ilium is glad for the bright sunrise of early Fifthmonth on the whitewashed walls and rain-cleansed streets. The greengrocers pull tarpaulins off crates of rhubarb and tempting early strawberries from the countryside, as well as bundled stalks of crisp asparagus.

	Rien's and Renate's landlady, a thin raddled woman with fading red hair, stands not far from the townhouse's front door, hands on hips, talking animatedly with a taller woman. They fall silent as Aryk passes, but start in again as soon as the door shuts behind him.

	The door to Renate's rooms is underneath the staircase at the end of the hall. When Aryk gets there, he finds Renate herself standing there, fully dressed and even armed, patting her belt-pouch and her pockets for her key. "'Morning, Aryk," she says wearily, as though hardly able to find strength for even such simple words as those. "You didn't happen to see a key on the floor on your way in, did you?"

	Aryk looks around and throws up his hands. "What? A key? No, sorry. Why, you lose something?"

	She digs fruitlessly into her belt-pouch. "My mind? No, I can't find my apartment key -- wait, there it is." The truant sliver of metal emerges from a tiny pocket on the front of her tunic. "Sorry, I'm just tired. Something came up after we got back, and I had to turn right around and go out again. And then -- oh, never mind. Want to come in for some breakfast? Godfrey's filled my pantry by now."

	"Gee, food.... no... not me... I'm not hungry," He pauses only to smirk at the bewildered look on Renate's face. "Yeah, of course I will! You know me, I'm always starving! Me turning down food is like a... like a blind person turning down... er... what's for breakfast?"

	"I'm not sure. I'll see what Godfrey left me." Renate precedes Aryk into the little apartment. For some reason -- perhaps just tiredness -- she is limping a little.

	Godfrey, provident man, left Renate quite a lot. Nothing fancy, just hearty country fare and lots of it: bread, cheese, jams and fruit butters, dark buckwheat honey, sliced meats on ice, fruit of several kinds, hard-boiled eggs, and plenty of cold fresh apple juice to wash it all down. Renate finds plates and silverware just where they ought to be, and sits down with Aryk to dig in. "I think I'm taking the day off," she says after the first stacked sandwich. "Too bad I'll sleep through most of it. Oh, speaking of -- don't bother Rien for a few hours. He's sleeping off a nightmare." Just then, Aryk notices a trace of dried blood on the side of Renate's face.

	Aryk ceases diving into his food and he begins to comment. "Rien had a nightmare, huh, I..." Mid-sentence he notices the blood and his eyes go wide. "Ren, what in blazes happened to you?" He reaches his hand over the table and brushes her face where the dried blood lies.

	"Oh. I should go wash up; I didn't think. Um, Rien didn't exactly have the nightmare; Trancey did. And Trancey's nightmares make things fly around the room. Including himself. A teacup got me in the forehead. But Trancey fixed it for me." Indeed, there is no sign of a wound -- not even the faintest scar -- other than the little trail of red-brown flakes of blood. She stands up and winces. "He missed my knee, though. He fell on me when I woke him up, and he's heavy. Oh, well. Excuse me a moment, please."

	Aryk watches Renate leave the room to wash up in silence. It's the first time he's ever realized that Rien's trance-self can be dangerous to his allies as well as his enemies. Aryk doesn't blame Rien; he can't, because he knows that Rien has very little control over his other self. Adversely, however, Aryk worries that "Trancey" may become more of a threat than an advantage. There's always been something about Rien's other self that worried Aryk, even frightened him, and now he knows what it is. Will "Trancey" ever try to harm Aryk or Renate without remorse? Aryk sincerely hopes this never comes to pass, because he's afraid of what he might have to do.

	He looks up when Renate re-enters the room, and forces a smile. Renate casts an eye over the table, and fetches out a fresh loaf of brown bread. "Knee'll be fine," she says. "I ought to walk it off, but I'm too tired. Say, Aryk? Can I ask you something? Do you have to live with your Church people, or could you find a place somewhere else? I mean, if you wanted to."

	"Er... no, I don't have to. I mean, I suppose as long as I check in once in a while, then I'd be allowed to stay where I please. I mean, heck, half the time I was boarding in the dorm rooms in school I was sleeping someplace else, so... why? What did you have in mind?" A grin forms across his lips. "You want me to move in with you? I mean, it's a bit sudden, Ren, but I can't blame you if you can't resist my masculine charm..."

	"Hmph. Don't make me dump you in a rainbarrel." But she cannot help chuckling. "No, I meant Rien. Poor soul, he was scared half to death. I think having someone around would help."

	Aryk nods. "Sure, Ren. If you don't mind me settling in, then of course I will. For Rien's sake of course." He winks at her with a bit of a chuckle himself. "Seriously... thanks."

	"Hold it, there, cowboy. I mean you moving in with Rien. Not with me. My father would have an attack and die!"

	"Oh... you mean we can't all move in together? Come on, one big happy family?"

	"Please, Aryk," Renate says heavily, rumpling her hair with one hand. "I like you, but I'd like you better if you could look at me and see something other than sex." She lets that sink in a moment. "Are you willing to stay with Rien, then?" she asks, as if nothing had happened.

	Aryk's jaw drops. "Renate, I... I... whoa, there... now just hold on a sceond. Look, don't take me too seriously okay? Nobody else does." He shakes his head. "Ren, I look at you as an intelligent, thoughtful, and intriguing person. I mean it. Sorry if I... aw, whatever, I'm no good at this stuff." He stands up. "Anyway, yeah, it's no problem. I'll stay with Rien, if he'll have me."

	"Thanks." Renate returns him a soft, tired smile. "I'm sorry. It's my fault. I don't take that kind of joke very well. And it's been *such* a day and night..." She rubs her face with both hands. "I ought to tell you, actually. You want the story now, or you want to take a raincheck and ask Rien when he wakes up? He knows it's all right to tell you."

	"Might as well tell me the story now. Let the man sleep for a bit."

	"Fair enough." She sighs. "You remember I told you about my brother? I, um, didn't tell you the whole story. When he ran away from home, he went to Gereval. Became an Arc Knight. He goes by Will Gerevannin now." Another sigh. "Well, Rien saw him in Atlantis. He broke into the Dragon War Museum to steal an old jewel, something they used to use as a power source. Rien didn't tell me until we got home last night. I had to do something -- I can't sit here knowing what I know and let Ankoku just walk away with a new weapon."

	Her voice sinks almost to a whisper. "So I rode back out to the Bounty Strike grounds, and -- ratted out my brother to Noble Sapphire."

	"Wait... what? You ratted out your brother? I thought you two were super-close? Whatever happened to all that blood is thicker than... er... wood stuff?"

	"We are! I mean, we were -- I mean -- oh, this is hard." Renate's head droops, shame coloring her cheeks. "You have to understand, Aryk. Ankoku attacked Ilium when I was a little kid. There's a truce between the Silver Coast and Andragar, now... but it's running out, it's running out in just a couple of years. So here we are, my brother and I, on opposite sides, and now he's stolen something that could be used to attack us. And this is my home, Aryk, Ankoku wants my *home*!"

	She closes her eyes too late; tears squeeze out between her eyelids. "I had to tell Noble Sapphire. I didn't want to. I had to..."

	"Ren. Hey, Ren, don't -- " Aryk reaches toward her, but stops short of touching her, mindful of her earlier annoyance.

	"I don't know what I'm going to tell my father. This will kill him. I don't -- I don't understand how Emil could do this, I just don't." She stifles an outright sob. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to dump this on you."

	"Aw, Ren, that's okay." Aryk nervously lets his hand come to rest on her shoulder, having quite run out of things to say next.

	Far from being offended, Renate leans into Aryk's hand like a cat asking to be petted. "Thanks," she whispers. Two tear-tracks reach her pointed chin.

	"Sure. Man, this really sucks. Why would anybody run out on you?"

	"Oh. That's so sweet." Renate wipes her eyes with one corner of her breakfast napkin. "Tell you the truth, I was a pretty horrible kid, though."

	"Huh? Bullsh -- I mean, that's not right. Can't be. You're -- you're okay, Ren. And I bet you always were."

	A deep breath turns into a yawn, nonetheless returning her a semblance of composure. "Well, I'm too sleepy to fight about it. But you can ask Godfrey if you want. Help me put stuff back?" Fumbling a little and yawning a lot, she returns what uneaten food there is to the pantry and the coldbox with Aryk's help.

	Aryk replaces the jam-jars in the top cupboard that Renate cannot reach without standing on a chair. "Go on, I got this," he says. "Go get some sleep, Ren. Some way, we'll make this all turn out right." Even if I have to pound your dumb brother into a bloody pulp, he thinks to himself.

	She waits for him to close the cupboard door, then puts her arms around him for a moment. "Thanks again. Go out and do something fun, will you? You've earned it."

	"Yeah, thanks. I mean, you're welcome. I mean -- crap, I don't know what I mean." His face has gone an impossible shade of scarlet. Renate politely averts her eyes as she takes the two steps that lead to the door of her little cubbyhole of a bedroom.

	Ricard glides into view as Aryk locks the front door of Renate's apartment behind him. "Well done, Aryk," the angel says. Aryk looks at him suspiciously for signs of sarcasm. "I am entirely serious," Ricard defends himself. "Aside from that early -- well, I'll be polite and call it a miscue -- you said and did the right things."

	"Yeah, for all that was worth." Aryk scuffs one boot-heel on the floor. "You think it helped?"

	"Yes. Yes, I do, in fact. So much so that I interceded with the Church, and they have agreed with Renate that you may have the day off."

	"Yeah? Sweet!"