	Whatever degree of swank Renate might have been expecting -- and it's safe to say she wasn't expecting a huge amount -- *Exceed* kicked it, tripped it into the mud, and spat on it. "There's this new place that just opened, called *Exceed*," Coris had said ingenuously. "I hear it's got live music."

	"Well, as long as it's not mobbed," Renate had answered. "I do like to hear myself think now and then."
	
	Great, live music, this place called *Exceed* had... and a *very* clear message: "Hello, I am a restaurant whose facade alone disbars all those whose annual income is not measured in four figures of gold."
	
	Renate stopped outside the door. "Coris," she said, "this is, shall we say, *exceedingly* lovely, and I assure you I can't afford it. Might there be someplace a touch more modest nearby?" She certainly looked as though she could afford it, though, in a light, fluttery roseweave dress beautifully dyed in the rich colors of a ripe peach, or the heart of a flame.
	
	An immaculately-dressed valet stood ready to accept the reins of incoming horses or carriages, or (no doubt) to perform any of a wide array of services with utter competence. Coris whispered, "It's taken care of. I wrangled an expense account, fully expecting it to be revoked the moment they catch us giving Aryk a cordon. May as well run it up now."
	
	She frowned at him. "That's rather dishonest of you, isn't it?"

	"By what logic?" he asked, with an innocent spread of the hands. "If you're talking about the extravagance of our current junket, then I assure you it is *exactly* how these people live themselves. And if you mean the fact that I'm spending on an account I suspect will be cut off, then I'd say their politeness in extending it is about equal to their hypothetical rudeness in retracting it. A few years campaining in the Patchwork Kingdoms will teach you to live it up when you can, and knuckle down when you must."

	She looked one-third convinced, two-thirds wary. "I don't know," she said. "Conspicuous consumption makes me uncomfortable, somehow. But I won't spoil your fun."

	"If you'd been raised a city noble, this would be second nature," he grinned. "As it is, you'll have to sink or swim."

	"I hope it wouldn't... and I'm quite a good social swimmer, thank you. Had the best training in Northrock."

	"I prefer your stripe of nobility, by the way. Give me a woman with responsibilities. I've met the socialites, and would cheerfully slap them if chivalry allowed."

	"Thank you. Just for that, I'll let you take me in here." She smiled at him, and slid her hand into his elbow. The foyer was simple but elegant, trimmed in wood that gave every evidence of having been imported from very far away. Renate took it all in without gawking, in one sweep of the eyes.

	And speaking of imports from very far away, they were greeted by a maitre d' with smooth green-black skin, a hunched posture, dextrous talons, and a head between that of a snake and a lizard. "Good evening, and welcome to *Exceed*," the K'siri said with a sinuous bow. He snaps his fingers with a ringing *click*, and another K'siri slunk foward to accept Coris's coat and Renate's silk wrap. Her arms, bare now but for the dress's thin shoulder-straps, gleamed tan in the richly-glassed-in glows.

	"Does the master have a seating preference?" the K'siri asked without a trace of accent.

	"Perhaps something near the scrying pool?" Coris asked. He had either been here before, or been briefed.

	"An excsellent choice, master," the maitre d' said, slipping only the slightest bit over the consonant cluster. Clever architecture led to the restaurant's interior being revealed gradually, in glimpses between greenery, then displayed all at once in startling panorama. Perhaps using the services of the local church of Chloe, the restaurant's floor was a terraced bowl of living stone, with many levels providing visual interest, and sectioned by intricate tiny gardens. The center of the bowl was a dance floor; a chamber quintet played on a dais at one end. 

	Charmed in spite of herself, she dug Coris slyly in the side. "Just don't go getting me used to this," she murmured.

	The terraces of diners each had their own point of interest: one housed a chessboard inlaid in a rock pedestal, at which two obviously magical beings (a ghost of blue fire and a golem of rock) played a steady game. Another was walled on one side by a huge fish tank, with pelagic creatures they had never seen before. The maitre d' led them to another section, which centered on a shallow pool of water, glowing faintly from some internal light source... once they had the right angle, a picture suddenly came into view, reflected on the surface of the water: a close-up of the dance floor. As they stared, the focus shifted to the band; they could see every movement of the cellist's fingers. "The scrying pool's vision roams the restaurant, avoiding actual diners for the sake of discretion," Coris murmured. "The dancers, waiters, fish, and so forth, are all fair game."

	"Well, that's an interesting twist on 'see and be seen,'" she commented. "Just so long as they keep the dance-floor angle discreet too." She did a quick quarter-turn to illustrate her point; her demure calf-length skirt floated up to knee-height, then settled.

	The maitre d' allowed Coris to seat Renate, then explained the day's specialties: some sort of elaborate gamefowl dish, and something in K'siri which he did not immediately explain; quickly-spoken K'siri just sounded like "kskrhklkskkrlkshghhh" to the uninitiated. Coris nodded in understanding -- or as if in understanding, anyway; Renate didn't attempt to dispel the illusion (if illusion it was). The maitre d' bowed his way away. "Your waiter, Ssthlis, will attend you instantly," he said in parting.

	"Somehow I suspect that the name of this place is some horrid bilingual pun," Renate observed once the maitre d' left. "Instantly," was correct, however; as if emerging from roguelike stealth, another K'siri appeared at the side of the table, causing Renate to raise her eyebrows momentarily. "You are in fact correct, my lady," he said. "I am Ssthlis, and welcome to *Exceed*, which is cognate with "ek'sci'd," the first word in our proverb..." He made some gesture which wasn't equivalent to anything they had seen; some cultural difference. "Ek'sci'd kl'lkthsk sssin sh'kss, plrgh igh thss mok!tss." He bowed elaborately, turning the gesture into a salute. "I must apologize for the crudity and barbarism of the Northrock translation of what is, in our culture, a noble sentiment... 'Though any being may eat a head, only the true sage may eat a soul.'"

	"Fascinating," Renate said politely.

	Ssthlis grinned, or at least that seemed to be what he was doing. "It seems an appropriate slogan for the first true K'siri restaurant of masterful quality on Northrock. I asssure you, no heads of sentients will be served."

	"Except by special request," Coris quipped.

	"Naturally," the waiter replied. The response could be deadpan or terrifying, depending on credulity; Renate decided to match them, deadpan for deadpan. It didn't seem worth worrying about, not in Eldorado. "Please accsept these bills of fare, and sshould you have any questions regarding the unique cuisine which we are proud to import, ssimply signal to me and I will attend." He provided each of them with menus, stamped in gold foil on thin slats of mahogany, bound together with gold rings. The menu was half standard (if gourmet) Northrock fare, half K'siri food with bizarre names and detailed descriptions.
	
	Renate accepted hers and thanked him, almost managing to pronounce his name correctly. Ssthlis bowed and slunk off to attend to another table. "They need to work on their service a bit," she said to Coris quietly. "The custom is polite deafness to what is not addressed to you."

	"I'd bring it up, but they might eat my head," he replied.

	She chuckled. "Not much for repeat custom, eh? I suppose with these prices they don't need it. And serving guests to guests is economy of a sort."

	"The K'siri only eat the heads of their most hated enemies," Coris said, as though that somehow made it better. "But when they do, they take it as a very serious ritual indeed."

	"Curious. I thought ritual cannibalism was usually intended to transfer the noble qualities of the meal to those consuming it."

	"Exactly -- only a truly virtuous enemy is worthy of hatred. Perhaps 'vendetta' is a better term."

	"Ah, I see." Renate considered musing on the possibility of K'siri consanguinity taboos in cannibalism, but remembered Poya and restrained herself.

	"I believe I will have the... ch'ks'tnap n'ksssl," Coris said, nearly choking himself to death in the attempt. "And a glass of r'glakh, which I came to enjoy quite honestly during a visit to Credo Vallar."

	"Brave man. The lamb kebabs for me, please, and a glass of burgundy. Dare I ask what you were up to in Credo Vallar?"

	Ssthlis returned nearly the instant they both put down their menus; the 270-degree K'siri field of vision worked wonders. He took the orders, bowed, and left. Coris returned to her question. "I was doing what everyone from Northrock does in Credo Vallar: I was trying to leave as soon as possible."

	"Fair enough. I've never been and hope never to go."

	"The place withers under the hand of the Ruido Grande," he sighed. "Stepping into the wrong neighborhood is a mugging as certain as paying a tax. I can handle myself in most situations, but fighting back against mob-backed gang members is a losing proposition. The more people you beat up or kill to keep your wallet, the more likely you are to take a ship ride when they finally figure out how much to throw at you. The locals have their own ways of working with the system. Us visitors aren't as lucky."

	She echoed his sigh. "I know. Not from the Ruido Grande, fortunately."

	"I was there to discuss a few campaigns against the Imperials, but when I saw what was happening to the Republican government, I lost my stomach for the idea."

	"Oh?"

	"The Republic still has lofty ideals, but they're in dire need of the Justiciar's return if they're going to shake off their current corruption. Right now the House of Equals is like a drug addict -- they want to do the right thing, but that bribe money keeps pulling them back. I don't know that much about it, but I hear a lot from Masan. He has relatives there... they keep hoping things will shape up."

	"Why not start from scratch? What they have isn't working. Toss it and start again."

	Coris frowned. "Because whoever wants to break down the old government had better be able to fight and win against the Ruido Grande."

	"Or co-opt it."

	"Yes, there's a lot of room for political organization," Coris agreed. "But there's too much to do here in Northrock. They'll have to solve their own problems... or at least endure them just a little longer."

	"I know," she said, softly and sadly. "There is always too much to do."

	Ssthlis returned with their drinks; the burgundy was an exceptional vintage, only ten years old but of quintessential quality. Renate performed the wine-tasting ritual with perfect aplomb; Godfrey Cuyler himself could have found nothing to fault in it.

	"R'glakh," it turns out, looked a great deal like milk, if perhaps a bit thinner than the hearty stuff common to the Silver Coast. "Want to try a little? It's sweet and light."

	"I would, yes, thank you." The instant she tasted it, she recognized it -- it was *horchata*, which she encountered during a vacation in Atlantis. But it was fortified with something that gives it a distinct alcoholic kick, and an uncharacteristic tang. "Oh, for goodness's sake. I'd no notion. But it's odd to fortify it."

	"The high comes from a combination of light rum and denatured K'siri venom. The quality is dependent on the constitution and diet of the venom donor. There's a whole culture associated with r'glakh," he said cheerfully.

	"Well, meaning no offense to our good hosts, I think I prefer the Atlantis version," she said, handing him his glass back. 

	"People take great interest in the personality of the creator... philosophers are said to make the best venom, for instance."

	"Eating the soul, yes. I'm surprised they offer it to -- well, tourists."

	"Oh, unlike the head thing, r'glakh is considered an eminently shareable part of the culture. After all, if the best citizens produce the best-tasting venom..." Coris shrugged. "It makes sense to me, at least. The r'glakh is said to inspire insight and vision, as well. Consider it a very mild version of those weeds Aryk is always talking about smoking."

	"Hm." Her eyes flashed viridian at him for a half-heartbeat. "Then it's dangerous to be sitting across a table from you tonight?"

	"It always is. Anyway... let's talk shop for a moment, before our food arrives."

	"I was about to suggest the same thing. Have you got a plan for those thugs in Eridu?"

	"The Knights of Destiny? Our main plan right now is to keep it dark. Masan has an infiltrator trying to find out if they suspect anything. And we've contacted the chief of police about them, too. The police leadership of each city is under orders from the Seven Stars to make sure each concert goes smoothly... without alerting their main forces about them, if possible. Making up excuses for odd loopholes in patrols, that sort of thing."

	"Hm. I had another idea for them, but you'd have to send me ahead a day or two."

	"What's your plan? There's a gap between the Atlantis concert and the Eridu one."

	"That would be telling. But I can tell you this: if it works, there would be no violence from them at the concert, and if it doesn't work, we'd be no worse off than before -- assuming, as I think we must, that they will discover the concert location. Your call whether to risk it."

	"I trust you. Good luck."

	"Thanks. I'll need it."

	"The main business I wanted to discuss, though, was about our little mysteries."

	"All right," Renate said through a sigh. "Say on."

	"Old business first -- we know that various members of Heaven have been kiting off after those ancient stones."

	"Mm-hm."

	"Did we ever find out exactly who the Dark Skyseekers were working for?"

	"Soleil, nominally, I believe. That's who they said they'd deliver the stone to. But whether that was a one-time assignment or an ongoing alliance I have no way to guess."

	"Did you know that Dark Eternal's people are competing for the gems? The left hand doesn't seem to know what the right is doing."

	She nodded. "I heard as much, yes. Noble Sapphire speculated that the gems *per se* were meaningless, just toys for Heaven to squabble over. But Noble Sapphire might well have been trying to snow me. If that's what he meant by it, it didn't work."

	"Well, here's the bad news... but I can see ways it might be turned to the good. Third and fourth factions are getting involved... and it's looking like they're selling stones to whoever can offer them the most."

	"Figures. Aren't the Seven Stars getting in the bidding? I would."

	"Solara Gitan -- remember her? -- returned to the Mage Knight fortress in Davon City, to find a standoff splitting her guild down the middle."

	"Ah. Is that what Leonid's caught up in?"

	"She called in help from Midian Solaris, the Dark Professor, "Lucky" Lantis -- basically, her old adventuring party -- and took over the whole guild. She wasn't even in the succession plans, but she was able to lever the whole thing over on its back."
	
	"Goodness."

	"Now, I know those mages, and they're decent people, so I don't think it's bad that one of them took over her guild. But since the original guild leader was honorable... and she's honorable... clearly they have different types of honor. What that means for the Mage Knights in the future, I can't guess. But that's not what's important."

	"It could be. We're going to need allies, not so far from now. But go on."

	"What's important is that somehow, during all the confusion, the mages got hold of a power stone. They're in negotiations with Dark Eternal. Masan hasn't heard much, but it sounds like they're bargaining for greater intellectual freedom..."

	"Oh. Damn. But -- on Stingray Island, they -- I don't understand."

	"...which would require Dark Eternal to put pressure on Mt. Agrias itself. A change to the Edicts would improve the flow of knowledge for all mages in the world. I bet they see that as a greater good."

	"And the Seven Stars are doing what? Sitting there trimming their claws?"

	"Obviously, they're counter-offering. But Dark Eternal has more pull with the Great Council, due to seniority, and a huge web of obligations. There are hints that our mages are trying to pull together a collective organization covering all mage guilds... that's insanely dangerous, though. Dark Eternal is more likely to be able to swing it than the Seven Stars."

	"Well... can we convince the Mage Knights to play a waiting game? Demand results before they hand over the stone?"

	"Just because Solara's Mage Knights, and crack teams of other guildsmen, could kill the Mage Knight dragon guildhead, doesn't mean they can do that to all of them. The dragon mage guildheads could very easily declare global war on Dark Eternal, if he backs Midian Solaris et al. Everyone involved is in a very precarious position."

	"Hm. So it sounds like one could throw a spanner in the works. I assume Masan is working on that?"

	"You know what this all suggests to me?"

	"I will once you tell me," she said with a humorless smile.

	"It suggests that of all those stones everyone is collecting... Midian Solaris has the right one. And that worries me."

	"Because...?"

	"Wouldn't you rather it never be found? The very idea that Dark Eternal is within reach of his goal gives me the heebie-jeebies."

	"Too late for that, apparently. We deal with the situation we've got," she said pragmatically. "And I prefer the phrase 'screaming horrors.' It's closer to the truth."

	"Well, speaking of situations... yes, I know, it's one thing after another with me... I got this." Coris handed over a folded telegram.

	She opened it, careful to shield it from eavesdropping with her body. The telegram was in code, with Coris's translation scribbled between the lines. "Our PI did an object reading on the logs. The visitor was 'steeped in secrecy,' and 'deathsworn.' Big news, huh? But then the PI went into a trance and made a prophecy. He said, 'Conspirators of nations known and undiscovered seek in their ignorance the fallen prince. Who they seek shall be given them; who they find shall be taken from himself; who remains shall betray them.' Gravin notes misuse of 'shall' at two points. Bardic senses suspect truth of prophecy, though." And that was the whole of it. 
	
	Renate folded it and handed it back. "Ideas?" she said, without betraying undue concern.

	"So, does 'the fallen prince' sound like a Rien to you? I mean, we know everyone else's past, and no princes among us. Rien is the only one who has a flying chance of being one."

	"Of course. It was my first thought. It seems to me that the import of the prophecy for our purposes -- leaving aside the impact on Rien -- depends on which nation's conspirators find him. After all, the Seven Stars already found him, years ago."

	"I'm wondering if the prophecy means competing conspirators of different nations, or some single international conspiracy."

	"Hm." Renate construed the grammar silently. "Could be. What's Soleil up to these days? Noting also, by the way, that the prophecy does *not* state that the fallen prince is one of us. And I don't think Rien is often mentioned in your log books."

	"True. There could be any number of fallen princes. Soleil, well, that's a dead silence. We're trying to see how much of Le Duc's organization is part of Soleil's... I'm getting the impression, from Masan's network, that Soleil took a majority stake in Le Duc's people at some fairly recent point. Measured in the last few years, at least. Le Duc is just the person we know personally, of course. The 'organization' Soleil's now leading was always bigger than Le Duc. Masan's trying to get a better handle on that organization as a whole, but he still doesn't know who they really are, what they're really about, or who ran them before Soleil. Their public face as an elven culture and lore society isn't very informative."

	"I guessed as much. And I do rather wonder if that undiscovered nation... no, that's reaching. Based on one offhand remark from Ankoku, too. Considering the source... oh, well, just in case it's useful. Rien told me that Heartbreaker found it apropos that Ankoku should find him in the last stronghold of the race Ankoku exterminated. Ankoku's answer was 'Not the last.'"

	Coris blinked. "Are you suggesting that... " he had been talking quietly, but just then he went to a breathed whisper as he leaned forward, "...that strings reach all the way back to Uverlin?" He leaned back in his chair with an uttered "Whumph."

	"Maybe. Pretty impressive 'undiscovered nation,' don't you think?" He nodded soberly; she picked up her neglected wineglass. "Anything else? Besides the possibility that the dye on those flowers is itself poison. Not sure you caught that implication from me this morning. But it makes sense. Rather clever, really. In a sick twisted sense of 'clever.'"

	"That's the other thing. I got an official report from the alchemist. The flowers are completely natural. He took the flower to three herbalists, swearing each one to secrecy; each one of them was outraged by the secrecy oath the moment he discovered that the flower's color was entirely natural. Apparently flowers not only don't grow that way; they *can't.* The petals were colored by magic, maybe, but the alchemist swears magic never touched the plant either."

	"No, you're quite right. Not that kind of flower, anyway. You can do it with a tulip, or one of those fragile Eastlands orchids, but those weren't tulips or orchids. Somebody got very lucky, or has been carrying on an extraordinary cultivation program. I'm not at all sure which I prefer to believe."

	"Well, here's the best part. The alchemist finally took the plant to one of his own teachers, a man with one foot in the grave and one foot madly stomping on it. Literally pulled the guy off his deathbed to analyze the plant's cryptarch."

	"Dear me."

	"Turns out the plant's cryptarch has very little resemblance to that of any other plant. Most plants have 95% of their cryptarchal codes in common. This plant was more like 60%."

	"So what was the other forty? Chameleon?"

	"Also plant stuff, just different from every other plant in existence," Coris shrugs. "You can get the same results from any number of combinations, I think. They taught us the basics in Heaven, but I've forgotten a lot. A tiny variation in a working model can result in a horrible deformity, but there are a million possible working models."

	"Well, what about time? It could be a what-do-they-call-it, a 'living fossil.'"

	Coris nodded. "That's what I was thinking. Perhaps there's some secret grove or something that this cult meets at?"

	"Maybe. Someplace like Tarlochen, even. Mm, Coris, could you lend me one of those flowers, in Atlantis? I know someone who might just recognize it. And I'm planning to visit her anyway."

	"There's only the one flower, but it's being forwarded to Atlantis to meet us. We'll be done analyzing it. I can pass it along."

	"All right. Thank you."
	
	"Let's hope we don't have occasion to collect any more of them." Ssthlis made his appearance, carrying a wide tray with covered plates. "Ah, here's dinner!" Coris's dish turned out to be a very pleasant-looking stir-fry; the meat's provenance was, blessedly, not immediately obvious, but it was hard to flinch at greens and veggies.

	Renate laid her hand over Coris's before he could pick up his fork. "One thing, please. Don't tell Rien about the prophecy. Let me do it."

	Coris placed his free hand on hers. "I know he has the potential to take this sort of information... unpredictably. I was going to ask you to do the dirty work. You have a real connection with him."
	
	Her expression was oddly equivocal. "He's a howling void, poor lad. He'd swallow me entire if I let him. Which I haven't, and don't plan to. As much as I do care for him." Her hand was quiet in his.

	Coris nods. "People who live like we do tend to have a lot of space inside."

	"Say *that* again."

	"You learn to love the view. If you're lucky. Anyone who comes in to rearrange the furniture had better be on a lifetime lease," he said with a small smile.

	Renate squeezed his hand, then retrieved her own, mentally crediting Aryk with a few brownie points for being right about something, for once. "Have you been lucky?"

	"Not to belabor a metaphor, but I don't even get much use out of my guest room." Coris speared some meat and a few squash -- at least, they were probably squash -- on his two-tined fork and popped it in his mouth. He "mmph"ed in approval.

	She slid a couple of lamb-cubes off their skewer, with their accompanying onions and peppers. "Good? So is mine." For some reason, she was cutting her meat into absurdly small bits.

	"Thing is," he continued, "I don't really even want to. You stay in this line of work long enough, everything becomes a metaphor for war... So let's say that if I'm not drawing all the fire, I don't want to be on the field." He didn't seem to be implying a thing; cheerful oblivion would be a good term.

	"I see." She disposed of a few tidbits of lamb, and decided to let him have a shot over the bow. "So that's why you shut the door in my face when I tried to invite myself into your guest room, back in Glenworth."

	He paused a second, clearly changing mental gears. "Argh," he said, grimacing at himself. "I didn't even realize what I was saying. I know it's a romance-story cliche for the male lead to say 'I'm terribly bad at this,' because it makes him boyish and charming, but really, I am. That time, I was honestly worried about you. I didn't think it would make things better."

	Renate grimaced. "You do have a talent for showing up when I'm at my absolute worst. Did I ever even apologize to you for trying to toss you into Hyuri's arena?"

	"Don't make me feel terrible. I could have worked a lot harder to take your place. And I would have."

	"Except our mutual friend told you not to, yes, I know. Even so, it was a scurvy trick on my part, and I am sorry for it."

	"Anyway, I don't know what to say half the time. You're a girl with a huge amount to give... but everyone you'd give to had a great deal they want to take."

	"That's been my luck so far, I suppose. Running into people who need my help to stand upright. You're different."

	"I don't want to see you, willing or not, as the trophy in some unspoken war. That's why I've always tried to stand aside."

	"It's not something I can escape. I was practically born unofficially engaged. I... guess it does limit what I have to offer."

	"This is odd... we're on a date, it's supposed to be veiled flirtation, and here we are getting closer and closer to the key issues. I give it five minutes before we're drawing charts in the sauce."

	She laughed. "I don't have one of those fancy Andragar timepieces, sorry."

	Coris pulled out his pocketwatch and checked it. "Well, here we go. Traditional Andragar retirement gift," he added with a wink. "Straight from the boss himself. They do love to send sarcastic threats, don't they?"

	"Ask Rien. He knows better than I do. All right, then." She steepled her fingers and (momentarily heedless of etiquette) rested an elbow on either side of her plate. "Problem number one: noble girls exist to get married off for political reasons. Makes getting together with them a bit chancy. The best I can tell you is that with Karlbotel's political situation what it is at present, there aren't wedding bells in my immediate future."

	Coris frowned. "It still doesn't necessarily fit with my lifelong obsession with exclusivity, but I'm sure I could buy a peerage somewhere if necessary."

	"If that were all, it wouldn't be that big a deal. But I'm afraid I need to stay single while Stephen of Glenworth is -- because the last thing I want is to wish him on Sabine. He is a real piece of work, that man. In point of fact, though, you shouldn't buy that peerage until it's clear who inherits Karlbotel, because if it does turn out to be me, it's mildly easier not to have to work out inheritance and rulership issues. If you're a straight commoner, I don't have to."

	Appalled, Coris hardly heard the last half of her paean to practical matchmaking. "You can't seriously be considering even the faintest possibility of a marriage alliance with Glenworth?"

	"Why not? Honestly, Coris, they call *farm-girls* naive... who do you *think* I was born engaged to?" She took another bite of lamb. "I was half-considering offering myself to him in that tournament -- but then I saw his eyes. I've seen eyes like that before -- on Glitter-dusted gangbangers in the middle of the night in the Dirty Fifth."

	Coris shook his head in disbelief. "I know how things work out in the Patchwork Kingdoms... the nobility still fends for itself, liege lords form the only law, blood is thicker than water... But although it makes me a good living, consider that my living involves killing people."

	"So does mine. Or, at least, what I'm doing at present. If you think I haven't killed, you haven't been keeping up with me very closely. What does that have to do with Mad Stephen, anyway?"

	"I'm saying that shackling your heart's comfort to a decaying system of power which exists only on dragon sufferance is ... not easily supported by reason."

	"A couple of things about that," she said, entirely unruffled. "The dragons draw lines around our dance-floor, yes -- but *we* choose the dance, and *we* dance it. We have for a long time. Sometimes the moves aren't comfortable, you're quite right -- but who among us lives a life of total comfort? The system in Karlbotel, at least, isn't decaying, because we haven't let it, dragons or no dragons. Glenworth is another story, obviously, but all the more reason for me to have an eye on my role and my duties. And who was it saying not twenty minutes ago that he preferred women with responsibilities? One of mine may well be marrying for political advantage. Peace is often bought with the bodies of women; read your history." She took a sip of wine, raising her eyes to his. "In the meantime, though -- I'm free. For a while."

	Coris ate in silence for about a minute. "Well, if it comes down to it, I could always kill the other guy. I'm in."

	Her face froze in complete incredulity for a short eternity, and then a wide, gorgeous smile spread across it as slowly as sunrise. "I'm glad. I've admired you ever since you saved me from being chatted up by Karzath Inverness."

	"Hey, don't smile until you've seen me standing over the corpse of your political husband," he warned.

	"Eh, well, what are Raphaelites for?" she answered lightly. "Besides, all the best political marriages involve lengthy passionate affairs on the side." Her eyes twinkled as brightly as the opal pendant around her neck, and she suddenly remembered the basic motions involved in eating.

	"So in order to keep your loyalty I need to make sure I *don't* measure up as a political prospect, is that it? I can do that."
	
	"You have my loyalty," she said, tilting her head to peer into his face. "Of course you do."
	
	Coris nodded, chagrined. "When have you ever been short on loyalty? I didn't mean... I really *am* bad at this."
	
	"I daresay we'll find out that I'm worse," she answered, taking up her fork again. They finished the meal, appreciating it, appreciating the finely-tuned strings wafting up from the dance floor, appreciating the charged but not unfriendly silence between them. When they were done, forks and knives crossed neatly over each plate, a white-aproned young human male manifested briefly to clear the table, such duties apparently being beneath the K'siri. Ssthlis himself brought them rose-water, pouring it over their hands from a small silver ewer. "I had not thought this a K'siri custom," Renate remarked, drying her hands on the clean napkin proffered from one greenish hand.
	
	"Usseful cusstomss travel besst and furthesst, my lady. Will you have anything elsse at present? The tiramisssu is exsseptionally fine; or if you would rather ssomething lighter, we have a lovely rasspberry creme brulee." But their eyes were on each other, not the K'siri, so marking their table to return to later, he slid the dessert and liqueur menu between them and made himself discreetly scarce. Hardly the first time a dinner at Exceed had come to this; waitperson training went into precise detail on how to respond so as to maximize profitable alcohol sales afterwards.
	
	The scrying pool swept across a near-empty dancefloor; aside from a fretful child and his indulgent grandmother, no one was dancing. Coris lifted his eyebrows toward the image. "May I have the honour of this dance, Lady Renate?"
	
	Renate brushed her lips one last time with her napkin and arose. "Certainly, Master Nightblade; the honour is mine."
	
	Heads turned, helpless to do otherwise, as they made their way down the terraces to the floor. Genteelly, proudly, without the least hint of vulgarity, Renate was putting on a show: smooth and confident carriage, one arm laced through Coris's, her head turned just so, the tiny side-to-side shifts on her toes that made her skirt swirl about her legs like a candleflame about its wick. Whispers and murmurs trailed in their wake like strewn rose-petals; K'siri or no K'siri, Coris Nightblade and Renate von Adler owned Exceed outright during their stately promenade to the dance floor. "You did that on purpose," Coris accused her as she settled into his arms for a waltz.
	
	She did not trouble to deny it. "Well, if I'm going to catch it from my father for appearing in the Golden Gossip's column -- again -- never mind the *reason* for it, and you're going to catch it from Sorel and Gravin for coming anywhere near the crazy hick chick, we might as well stir up a little harmless envy, don't you think? I confess I'm rather enjoying being on the arm of the handsomest man in the place."
	
	He tried to trip her with an unsignalled dance turn, but she was too quick for him, floating into it right on the downbeat. "Making comparisons already?" he said. "Infidel woman. Sorel likes you; you managed to find him a gift he could make real use of. And Gravin likes anything he can pull a song from. Is your family really going to make trouble?"
	
	"Papa will, but Mama'll talk him down," Renate answered serenely. "She told me I could suit myself until I marry, so long as my choice doesn't disgrace the family. Which it's not. She likes you, too." 
	
	Watching them, the lead violin of the quintet picked up the tempo a touch; Coris and Renate met the challenge easily, stylishly. Two more couples came out onto the floor to dance. A redheaded woman scarcely older than Renate tried to better Renate's entrance, making the most of the tight-clinging glittery sheath about her indubitably hourglass figure, but alas! she took the restaurant's name a bit too much to heart, and mildly malicious titters from the seated diners made her cut her dance short, blushing furiously, and drag her partner unwilling away. Renate did not deign to notice either the challenge or her own victory-by-default; Coris admired her for that as much as for her faultless dancing.
	
	He swung her easily off the floor and spun her in a wide circle to end the dance with a flourish; she caught his shoulder in just the right place to counterweight herself, pointing her toes prettily in their soft rose-velvet slippers. A scattering of applause drifted down from the hidden tenants of the terraces, and the quintet struck up an enticing cha-cha that admirably fulfilled its purpose of luring more dancers onto the floor. Coris lost his partner quickly as a middle-aged lecher cut in, leaving him with the man's wife, a handsome woman of weary eyes and a faint air of apology. He had cause to appreciate Renate's dance skills yet more in the course of the cha-cha, as it was some while before she could return to him; none of his other partners responded to his least hint, flattered his every step as Renate did. They followed each other on the dance floor with their eyes, almost to the point of discourtesy to their partners.
	
	The quintet took pity on them, starting a paso doble; no one of sense cut in on a paso doble. Having regained his proper partner, Coris tried every trick he knew or could create on the spot, but could not make her so much as pause. He spun her away finally; she pirouetted back, her hand meeting his without a reach or a fumble. "How do you *do* that?" he asked at last, defeated and rather pleased to be.
	
	"Do what? Keep up with you? I've been dancing ever since I could stand upright; it's one of the few courtly arts I honestly like. You are rather good at it, sir, and I am enjoying myself quite thoroughly; but my Master Cuyler could teach even you something."
	
	"Not that. Why don't you ever miss my hand? It's not as though we've practiced together."
	
	"Oh. Funny business in my head. You know where you are and where you're moving to, so I do too. As psychic talents go it's pretty minor, good only for dancing, nighttime street-fights, and finishing other people's sentences for them. Your friend's death-rages are more useful."
	
	"Ahem, yes... my *friend*."
	
	That almost succeeded in making her miss a step. "Oh. You *were* trying to tell me, weren't you? I am stunningly dense."
	
	Coris scanned her solid, supple, squared-off little body briefly. Not the shapeliest woman in the place, and her face wouldn't inspire portrait artists; not to mention that any artist would have to leave out the many slim silvery trails of old practice scars on her skin, just like his. Yet there could be no denying how entirely at home she was in her own body, how perfect her mastery of it, how flawless her rapport with her surroundings. "Just dense enough, I should say. Nicely dense. It doesn't bother you?"
	
	Renate returned his study with interest, marking his sturdy shoulders and fine but not overdeveloped musculature, his well-featured face and coffee-dark eyes, his fluidly finished dance movements, lean body-lines unbroken from shoulders to toes. She slid her hand from his shoulder to caress the nape of his neck. "Not any more than it did when you brought it up. If you have to get me killed to win something worth winning -- do it. We use whatever honorable weapons we've got -- if good sense is one of our weapons, anyway."
	
	Coris would have nodded, if her fingers hadn't been stirring distinctly pleasant sensations along his cervical spine. "Our mutual friend would be proud of you for that. He -- saints!" And the muffled exclamation nearly lost *him* his place in the dance. He ducked his head to force her hand back to his shoulder.
	
	Immediately cognizant of the thought that had struck him, Renate tactfully let the dance carry her body a little apart from his. "I wasn't there, of course," she murmured gravely, "but my impression is that our mutual friend promised her he had all the answers, which is dangerous at the best of times -- and which you haven't done. And when I faced her same choice, I chose differently. Whatever we are, we're not them."
	
	"How old *are* you?"
	
	"Most of a year shy of twenty," she answered indifferently, and did not ask his age in return.
	
	"I think I am feeling a rather repulsive retrospective frisson over how I looked at you in Larkspur," he mused.
	
	"That undersized, oblivious, manipulative little mop-top? Bah. She was a waste of perfectly breathable air."
	
	Reconciled, he drew her toward him for the final bars of the paso doble. "That's not what our mutual friend said; I agreed with him then, and I do now."
	
	She sank into a graceful dance curtsey as the music ended. "I thank you very much, sir," she said as she rose, brushing her fingers over his hand for politeness as she had no need of its support. "Dessert?"
	
	"I'm eager to see how the K'siri integrate their venom into the sweets."
	
	The quintet stood, bowed, received applause from the dancers and the diners, and began to pack their instruments. Coris led Renate back to their table, where Ssthlis awaited them. "A liqueur for the lady, perhapss?" he suggested.
	
	"Not if you want the lady awake and alert tomorrow, Coris," Renate demurred. "Low body weight; one glass of wine is my limit, and I've had that already."
	
	Rather than press her, Coris looked inquiringly at the K'siri, who spread his foreclaws and said, "Ssomething from our sselection of non-intoxssicating cocktailss, then. May I ssuggesst a peach daiquiri, ssanss rum?"
	
	"I would like that," Renate decided. "And I see here a pecan pie a la mode that I simply must try." Coris added the tiramisu and a second r'glakh to that, and the waiter slunk away, satisfied.
	
	Two dessert-plates, designed with as much artistry as good taste, arrived quickly, along with Coris's drink (at which Ssthlis evinced proprietary approval) and an immense shallow goblet with Renate's daiquiri. Renate stared thoughtfully at the sculpted edifice of pie and ice cream before her; instead of picking up her fork, she plucked the red-ripe cherry by its stem from atop the pile, touched it to her lips, and leaned across the table to lay it on the side of Coris's plate.
	
	He stared at the innocent little roundel as though it were the centerpiece of a successful K'siri revenge-feast, while Renate started in unconcernedly on her pie. "A tasteful proposition," he said at last, "but aren't you supposed to save that for your future politician?"
	
	She shrugged. "As though he'll save his for me," she said. "Sauce for the gander. And you needn't worry; I've been paying my monthly dues to the Alchemists' Guild ever since that horrid episode in the Dirty Fifth I mentioned."
	
	"I see," he said blankly, this exigency having brought him to the limits of his well-drilled courtesy.
	
	"Coris," she said, all flirtation-free kindness, and achieved her aim of making him look at her. "It's not an order, just an offer. I of all people would never, ever press you. Ever. It's no secret that I think you're gorgeous. But I don't want to share anything with you that isn't joyfully given, joyfully received. I didn't mean to shock you or corner you, and I'm sorry. Fair?"
	
	"Yes, quite," he said, the tightness in his throat easing. "But, if I may ask -- why?"
	
	"Why you? Why that? Or just why tonight? Well, as to that last, Arretia can't possibly get here until tomorrow, so I'm by myself -- and this is the last night I'll be able to say that in probably quite some time. You know what I think about you; I shan't embarrass you by repeating it. But why, in the larger sense? Well." She slipped her hand into his. "If there's a key to Renate von Adler, this is it."
	
	He looked uncertainly at their entwined fingers. "What is?"
	
	"This is," she answered, running her thumb over his knuckles. "Touch, human contact. It keeps me grounded and balanced when nothing else can. Now you know why I wasn't about to pass up a chance at a whole night snuggled up with a warm body." Her eyes sparkled as they roamed his nicely filled-out upper garments. "Especially yours. It's not the cherry so much as the cuddles, though. Honestly, it's not. Now, eat that before it collapses." She reclaimed her hand and commenced following her own good advice.
	
	The chamber quintet was replaced with a small jazz combo, the erstwhile cellist taking up duty on the double-bass. Irrepressible hints of swing filtered through the staid standards they had begun with in deference to the elderly couples now taking the floor. "Another dance?" Coris asked, pushing away his plate, which was empty save for the untouched cherry.
	
	"Not after pecan pie, no, if you don't mind. Besides, we couldn't possibly top our last entrance. Silly to even try." She lifted her daiquiri goblet in both hands and held it out to him in a little pledge; he answered her silently with his r'glakh, and they drank. 
	
	Coris signaled for the check; Renate carefully avoided sight of the coins he tendered in payment, lest sticker shock ruin her sweet evening. Ssthlis bowed with the complacency of the waitperson who has been well-tipped for his troubles and slunk away to fetch Renate's silk shawl and Coris's coat, which the K'siri politely held for Coris's convenience. Coris took the shawl from him, and the K'siri demurred not at all, but bowed a final time and left them.
	
	Renate turned a little, to let Coris lay the shawl over her shoulders. Neither of them could ever quite recall clearly what happened next: whether she turned back or he turned her, whether she stood on tiptoe or he lifted her, whose eyes closed first, or whose mouth first opened. Whoever thought of it, whoever started it, it ended with them pressed together hard enough for her heartbeat to shake him, and his, her; for his coat-shoulders to ruck up under her clutching fingers, and her shawl to crumple beneath his hands; and at last, for her to sink down in his arms until her head leaned gratefully on his shoulder, and he could rest his closed lips on her fragrant hair.
	
	"My," she whispered, some ten bars of tango-music later. "That is very powerful, isn't it?"
	
	"Mm," he answered. "You are a very lovable woman." He had meant to say "lovely," and his tongue had tripped, but on the whole, he thought the result better than what he had intended, closer to the truth of it.
	
	He felt her smile against his shoulder. "So my kid sister says," she answered dreamily, "and I've never understood why; but if the two of you can still say that when between you you've seen me at my weakest and lowest, there must be something to it after all."

	They strolled back to the Teien Arms in perfect step with each other, her arm around his waist and his around her shoulders. She straightened his coat and he uncrumpled her shawl a block away from the entrance; they walked in briskly, a pace apart, two colleagues back from a business dinner.
	
	"Ah, my lady, your belongings have been placed in your room," said the desk clerk once Renate introduced herself. "We have a telegram for you; and will you have one key or two?"
	
	"A telegram?" Renate echoed in alarm. "Er, two, please; I expect a young lady named Arretia sometime tomorrow."
	
	"Of course, my lady. The telegram is from the lady in question herself, I believe." The clerk slid the keys and the thin paper form across the counter.
	
	"Oh. Oh, good. Thank you." As she and Coris made for the stairs, Renate scanned the telegram, her shoulders relaxing visibly. "Smart girl, to wire me instead of Aryk. She's on her way; late tomorrow or early the next day, she says."
	
	"I'll see that someone's at the docks to meet her," Coris promised.
	
	"Good, good. Thanks." She dropped one of her room-keys into Coris's palm, not so much as a smile or a hint of a wink accompanying it. "Whoever you send can give her that, then; it's quickest. Good-night, Coris, and thank you for an evening exceeding my every expectation."
	
	Some time later she ducked her head out of the little bathroom, hair slicked back and dripping onto the tile floor from the shower, to find him contemplating her finely-made travel-altar on the nightstand between the two beds. "Hi, there," she welcomed him, avoiding his name in case of eavesdroppers. "Glad you're here. Pick where you want to sleep; I'll be out as soon as I brush my teeth."
	
	The left-hand bed she had chosen for herself, to judge from the quilt turned all the way down as being excessive for a summer night. The right-hand bed was pristine, as the housekeeping staff had left it. Coris contemplated the evening, contemplated her matter-of-fact and undemanding greeting, contemplated the two beds -- and chose one.