Alan: "'We fear the darkness,' said the saint, 'because it takes away our ability to see,'" Templeton recites.

Alan: "'But the man of wisdom sees with the inner eye, and knows that what he has divined with mind and soul cannot be changed...'"

Alan: "'...by the setting of the sun, nor the snuffing of a candle, nor the dying of a flare.'"

Renate: "Not darkness," Renate murmurs in answer. "Fog. Mist. The grey uncertainty."

Alan: "'Nor, in fact, by the setting of a brilliant blaze can evil become good; no more can that happen...'"

Renate: She knows he is trying to help, but she rather wishes he wouldn't.

Alan: "...forgive me," Templeton says in a moment of insight. "The verse may not be as relevant as this one had at first hoped."

Alan: "It uses sight as an analogy, when of course it is not a figure for your current disposition, but its very crux."

Renate: She shakes her head slightly. "You caused no offense, Jitsuryoku-sama."

Aryk: Aryk snaps to attention. "Wow, that was just like the old days, T. You started going off on this and that, and I temporarily blacked out."

Alan: Templeton bows to Renate, then to Aryk. "The Word was speaking to your heart, then, my brother; not to your mind."

Aryk: Aryk nods in agreement. "Yep. That's how it usually goes."

Aryk: Aryk smiles and claps a hand on Templeton's shoulder. "I missed you, bro."

Renate: "Oai-deki-te ureshii-desu," Renate adds, taking care with her accent. ("Nice to see you.")

Alan: "Then, my lady, allow me to quote a far more terse passage, from Pronouncements, Chapter 5, which is a book of things said personally by Uriel during the First Age..."

Alan: "'Only I can stop you.'"

Renate: "I know that. I rather resent being slowed to a crawl, however. Where's Sabra, and where's that boy I sent after my dog?"

Aryk: "Do-mo hari-goat-o, Mr. Bo-jang-go."

Alan: "Hisashiburi desu ne," Templeton replies to Renate. ("It has been a long time.")

Renate: "So it has. We never did manage to make time for you to teach me your language."

Alan: "I fear its uses become ever fewer, as we grow ever more a part of Northrock as an evolving whole," Templeton says.

Renate: "Language is more than communication," Renate remarks. "It is also a marker of identity, if its speakers decide to prize it."

Alan: "As a 'nisei,' even I have not the true command of the tongue. My identity is split."

Alan: "As is my homeland of Sune... have you ever visited our chill realm?"

Renate: "No, but I have it in mind to go, when this is over."

Alan: "You will find it a study in paradox; or if you prefer, hypocrisy."

Renate: "How so?"

Alan: "We value our nobility, our ancient warrior houses, and recount their accomplishments. And we pay tribute to our august king."

Aryk: Aryk partakes of the contents of his flask. "When what's over?"

Renate: A teenage boy lopes up to the stopped train car, Dorothy galloping happily beside him. "Here you are, my lady. I brought the harness, too, like you said."

Renate: Renate pays him off and takes the dog, her attention still on the hobgoblin.

Alan: "But of course, it is Shadow-watcher and his three servants, and their cabal of secret police, who hold true power."

Aryk: Artk ruffles the hair on the dog's head.

Aryk: "Well, there you are, Rennie. Another group to add to the list."

Alan: Evidence of this truth is that Renate has only heard the name "Shadow-watcher" in connection with the Kingdom of Sune; and no indication of an official landed class of any power.

Renate: "If that is all your paradox, Jitsuryoku-sama, then I am not impressed with it," she answers. "Where is mortal nobility not in like case?"

Alan: "Those who should be our true rulers by blood and history are simple figureheads," Templeton says. "Do not most mortals who retain noble ranks also have people to govern and assist?"

Renate: "After a fashion," Renate says, grimacing. She needs to write to Godfrey, but what she has to say she does not care to entrust even to Aryk, and Rien is not here.

Alan: "My family's lord, Toshiro Kensuke, Lord of the Silver Hills, retains the most power out of any of the nobles... and even he is limited entirely to influence and compromise."

Alan: "His power, on paper, extends only as far as the grounds of his own estate."

Renate: "As am I, to be frank, Jitsuryoku-sama," Renate says.

Alan: "It is," Templeton pronounces, "a disgrace."

Renate: "And even my father."

Renate: "Why?" she queries softly.

Alan: "Forgive me, then, my lady, if I mistook your circumstances."

Renate: "I do not know whether you did."

Aryk: "What about your father?"

Alan: "Living in Eridu, before going to the Seminary, I had been told that, though perhaps your say in the Silver Coast was weak..."

Alan: "...you at least rendered true and faithful service to the land, with both power and responsibility to ensure its well-being."

Renate: "That is true, as far as it goes," she says. "But we do so only on sufferance, and some of us choose to do otherwise."

Alan: "In the Kingdom of Sune, all is governed by the economic plans of Skybreaker."

Renate: "You were in Eridu, and you did not notice the economic plans of Noble Jade?"

Alan: Templeton bows his head. "Yes... and witnessed both good and bad proceed from them. My own family would never have succeeded if not for a quota assisting hobgoblin immigrants."

Renate: "Even so. As good is rarely unmixed, so evil."

Renate: "And I am not willing to say that dragon rule has been entirely evil, all told. My people would be content with what is, were it only secure."

Aryk: Aryk smiles. He's not sure if he's ever heard Templeton speak so much of home.

Renate: "Which it is not, of course."

Alan: "I am uncertain of my feelings on this matter. It has been two thousand years... allow me, as a last statement, to draw the distinction I see."

Renate: "Please," she says, with the appropriate bow.

Aryk: Aryk chuckles, and puts his arm around Templeton's neck. "No need to be so formal, Rennie. This is my man Bojangles. He's down."

Alan: "During the Second Age, elves ruled all lands but the northern hobgoblin kingdom of Sunmarukoku. (which is gibberish in actual Japanese, except for ending in 'country' --dm)

Alan: Templeton grins at Aryk, showing long tusks.

Alan: "When the dragons came, they fought over the prosperous mortal lands, and overthrew the elves."

Renate: "Templeton's people place high regard upon verbal formality, as I understand matters, Aryk," is Renate's aside to the paladin. "It costs me nothing to honor that."

Alan: "With the elves dead, the only mortals retaining noble ranks were the 'lowest,' and according to the saints the most virtuous, of barons."

Alan: "Those who were lords not of battles and thrones, but of crops and festivals."

Alan: "Am I correct to believe your house is of that type, my lady?"

Renate: "You are. Though occasionally we throw back to the former sort."

Alan: Templeton nods. "'Even sackcloth can become a battle standard,'" he quotes.

Alan: "The dragons, seeing no prosperity in the northern wastes, had no ado with my people for hundreds of years."

Aryk: Aryk takes a break from the introspection to partake of his flask.

Alan: "Only later, as dragons procreated and their young sought out new domains, did the tribes of the Eastlands, and the kingdoms of the wastes, become targets."

Aryk: "Can't take what's already tooken. Gotta move on over to the leftovers."

Alan: "And thus the distinction I see is this: after overthrowing the elves, dragons replaced them as the overkings of the barons of the land."

Alan: "But when dragons came to Sunmarukoku, and split it up into 'Sune' and 'Maal' with their untrained tongues..."

Alan: "They subjugated and rendered irrelevant those who had uncontested sovereignty."

Alan: "For lower Northrock, they took over the reins of leadership; for us, they... is this metaphor apt? broke the horse's will."

Renate: Renate considers that. It is useful knowledge. "I see," she says at last, thoughtfully. "Arigato gozaimasu, Jitsuryoku-sama. I had not known this."

Alan: "We had more power than you; now we have less."

Aryk: "Er... translation?"

Renate: "It's the difference between putting a new slate of judges in a poetry slam, and suddenly imposing a judging on an open mic, Aryk," Renate says.

Aryk: "That's weak," Aryk comments, after some pondering.

Renate: "I apologize for the interruption, Jitsuryoku-sama. Now, where *is* Sabra?"

Renate: "The train will leave soon."

Aryk: "Right."

Alan: "Allow me." Templeton sits down; you're in the same club car that took you to Gereval with Zan; apparently the Church has it reserved for private use and hitched into whatever train is needed.

Alan: Which at least makes it seem like less of a vanity, if it's shared.

Alan: Templeton closes his eyes and folds his hands in prayer.

Aryk: Aryk has already raided the wet bar.

Alan: Several moments later, he takes a deep breath, and you realize only then that he had stopped breathing.

Renate: Renate silently removes and stows Dorothy's harness; the patient animal perks up and begins leisurely nosing about the car.

Alan: "She is approaching the station," Templeton says. "She bears a sheaf of telegrams."

Aryk: "That's some SERIOUS worshipping, my friend."

Renate: "Arigato. I should not like to embark on this without her."

Aryk: "For real. No offense, T."

Alan: "The command of Death includes the knowledge that the soul is the only true constant in our totality. The body needs the soul; the soul does not need the body."

Alan: "Why not make full use of this knowledge?"

Renate: "Not to exist, no. But for other reasons."

Renate: "I am an embodied soul, and I like it that way."

Renate: "Incapacity and all."

Aryk: Aryk smiles at his sister.

Alan: Templeton cocks his head. "...my lady... though you have just now refused, I have just now realized the possibility."

Renate: "Nan-da?"

Alan: "Should you learn the talent I just used, I believe your spiritual form would have the full benefit of vision."

Alan: (Which would require a quite different path of training, of course.)

Aryk: Aryk cocks his eyebrow while he, yes, drinks from his flask. Again.

Renate: "Ah." She is silent a moment, her face turned toward the window. "Kindly allow me to consider, Jitsuryoku-sama."

Aryk: "Food for thought, sis. Seems like you have a few avenues you can cross, as for as this whole blindness situation goes. Which reminds me..."

Alan: Sabra hops up into the car. "News! And good news!"

Aryk: "I'll bet if... er?"

Alan: "Or at least, as good as we could have hoped," she adds, only slightly deflated.

Aryk: "What is it, then?"

Alan: Randall swings up after her with a quiet wave.

Aryk: "Randall! My man!"

Renate: Renate acknowledges him with a nod and returned wave.

Alan: "I just telegraphed all the station masters on the route up. There were several items going with the same shipping company that sent our suspicious footlocker."

Alan: "Now, we already talked to the shipping company" 

Aryk: Aryk forgoes subtlety and gives him the patented Aryk bear hug.

Alan: "and they said they just sell the containers and get them routed; their people don't personally handle any of them. They subcontract day laborers to do the actual loading/unloading."

Aryk: "I'm listening," he says, releasing his grip on Randall.

Alan: "So I had to send to each station to check the manifests of what came off each train."

Renate: "Oh. So where did Rien's container stop being on the manifests?"

Alan: "Well, the two crates of fixtures were stored in a warehouse, and the contracter who owns them was glad to crack them open for a PI we hired."

Aryk: "Nice."

Alan: "This was just earlier today. The PI says the crates were definitely sealed, and they were chock-full of faucet heads."

Aryk: "W... what?"

Alan: "He says he searched them for hidden compartments and things -- we let him believe we were chasing a Glitter ring -- and they were clean."

Aryk: "And that's good news?!"

Renate: "So where is Rien, then?" Renate asks, her voice moving a semi-tone higher.

Alan: "The third item from that shipping company sounds like our baby. A footlocker, about two meters by three-fourths."

Aryk: Aryk grunts and... yep. Flask.

Aryk: "Why didn't that one get checked out, then?"

Alan: "Signed over to a 'Michel Worthington,' from a company called 'Lune d'Arge Inc.'"

Aryk: "?"

Renate: "Aryk," Renate says sharply, "that had better be apple cider I smell. And not the hard variety."

Alan: "Gone before our hireling could get to it. And Aryk, if I see you take one more drink I'm shoving that flask down a new hole I make specifically for it. I haven't forgotten the custard incident."

Renate: Renate turns her head toward Sabra. "Jinx," she says disgustedly.

Alan: (Lune d'Arge or whatever the actual French would be.)

Alan: "Yes, he is."

Aryk: "Um.... er..." Aryk puts it away.

Renate: "Not what I meant. But, the box -- gone *where*?"

Alan: "That's what we need to find out. Tempest is a trade hub for the Patchwork Kingdoms to get materials to the Silver Coast and Andragar and back. So its laws are very friendly to shipping... very lax on security and accountability."

Aryk: "Great." Aryk sits back and folds his arms.

Renate: "Oh. I thought you knew already." She slumps back in her seat, discouraged, and unhappy at the thought of Rien captive, perhaps helpless.

Alan: "Our investigator looked up the office of this Lune d'Arge company, and although it looks like a dummy, it's definitely in semi-regular use."

Alan: "We didn't give him the go-ahead to break in. That's our job."

Alan: "Maybe I sounded too optimistic," Sabra sighs. "In this business, any lead at all is something to crow about."

Alan: Randall says, "Sabra's leads are good."

Alan: "Sometimes," Sabra shrugs.

Renate: Renate digs out her manners again. "Of course they are," she says, forcing warmth back into her voice.

Renate: "It's a good lead; we'll follow it."

Aryk: Aryk sighs. "It's definitely something to go on, at least. Let's go in there, bust some heads, take some names. How long will it take to get there?"

Renate: On the tip of her tongue is "Maybe we should telegraph Coris," but she resists the impulse, with difficulty.

Aryk: Aryk notes her notion to speak with a "Hmm..."

Alan: "This train's an express. We'll get there by the afternoon."

Renate: She compromises uneasily with her conscience, which argues (against her pride) that she should throw all the resources she has at finding Rien. If they don't find him quickly in Tempest, *then* she will telegraph Coris and ask... something.

Alan: "They'll have a half-day's lead on us, but if we're lucky, they don't have any idea we're on to them."

Renate: "You left a false trail for us, I assume."

Alan: Randall says, "Unless they have counterintelligence, we have not tipped our hand."

Alan: Sabra snorts, "They don't seem to have any intelligence."

Renate: "We don't know who 'they' are," Renate corrects. "Nor whether they're just waiting and watching."

Aryk: "Who would they have to go by, anyways? It's not like one of us would have tipped anyone off. I doubt Sabra would have entrusted any underlings that would be two-faced."

Renate: "How hard is it to tail a blind girl with a cane and a dog?" Renate retorts.

Aryk: "Wait.... wait, I know this one..."

Alan: "Our agents on the Erethan line are legit. And we've got a cover story for this little get-together."

Renate: "Good enough," Renate answers, subsiding.

Alan: "We're on our way up to a heretic cloister in the Patchwork Kingdoms, thinking Adam's there."

Renate: "As long as it's not in Vesper," Renate mutters under her breath.

Alan: "When we arrive in Davon City, a team of ringers is going to immediately ride out in that direction, made up as close to us as possible."

Alan: "We, personally, will be sneaking out of the rail lot through a broken fence and going about our business under cover of night."

Renate: Renate nods.

Aryk: "Sounds good." Aryk leans back. "Too bad Zan couldn't make it out with us, though."

Aryk: "We coulda had the whole gang back together..." Aryk's smile fades quickly. "Well.... 'cept for Adam, too, of course."

Renate: "Aryk," Renate says reprovingly. "Be grateful for those who are here."

Alan: Randall says quietly, "I think two paladins is going to be enough."

Aryk: Aryk nods. "Yeah. You're right."

Aryk: "Oh, yeah. Rennie, listen..."

Renate: She feels a terrible hypocrite for the way she cannot stop thinking of the absent Coris. "Yes, Aryk?" she says, more gently.

Aryk: Aryk gets up and sits next to her.

Aryk: "I was thinking, about your blindness, that is. You've had more than one offer to learn some sort of way to, er, find a new sort of "sight."

Renate: "Yes," she says, inclining her head toward Templeton.

Aryk: "I'll bet you, if you worked at it, you could build up something with Lyria." He scratches his head. "I mean, like,"

Aryk: "You could get some sort of 'sight' through her... you know?"

Aryk: "I mean, you've certainly proved your loyalty."

Alan: Sabra unrolls a map of Davon City and starts drawing up plans for Templeton and Randall.

Renate: "No," she says immediately. "I wouldn't -- that's selfish."

Renate: "What could possibly justify Lady Lyria expending effort just on me?"

Aryk: "Selfish? Hey, sis, it's give-and-take! I have, time and time again, shown my loyalty to Michael. Michael hasn't left me empty-handed, you know. The gifts, that is, the abilities I have to show for it are more than I could have hoped for. For all you've done for Lyria... freed her, worshipped her, planning to offer her a new temple..."

Aryk: "I mean, so far as I'm concerned, Lyria should reward you for your efforts. Er, not to be selfish myself, or anything..."

Renate: Renate shakes her head, and keeps shaking it. "No. It's not right. It's not --" And then she knows why it isn't right, and she sighs.

Renate: "Aryk, Templeton, I know you both mean well, and I hope you will not think me ungrateful," she says, in the formal register she always adopts with the big hobgoblin.

Aryk: "What do you mean?"

Renate: "I think I must stay as I am. I have seen such contempt for mortals. From dragons. From elves. From demons. Forgive me, but even from angels."

Renate: "And it has led to a sort of cult of perfection. A mortal is worthy only insofar as she meets an ideal, an ideal set by others than herself, or even her people."

Aryk: "Well, it's good for you, then, that Lyria is none of those," Aryk says smugly.

Renate: "I've been sneered at by Faerie, too, in my time," Renate answers, and then picks up the thread of her argument. "The imperfect among us, the supposedly unworthy? Cast aside. Thought worthless, thought useless."

Renate: "There is strength there, though. There is much left untapped. This I believe. And I also believe that perfection is a chimera, and we are better off playing to our strengths than obsessing over every sign of weakness."

Alan: Templeton nods in respect. "I have studied the lore of other realms, my lady."

Alan: "Lyria was the patron of those who were scorned for unattainable goals."

Renate: "That is so."

Alan: "The 'perfect' you speak of considered her a patron of last resort."

Alan: "But those with a keener perception realized that she was nobler by far..."

Alan: "...for she encouraged, as the book of Ways says, 'the merlin to stoop to the elk.'"

Alan: "What bird of prey should seek a patron who provides only a hood and jesses?" he asks rhetorically, and bows again.

Renate: "Even so," Renate agrees.

Aryk: Aryk just shakes his head. "I don't know what birds and fish have to do with it, but..." "Well... whatever, Ren. But if you won't seek Lyria's help, then stop with the 'poor m...."

Aryk: Aryk stops himself.

Alan: (I love that Aryk though elk were fish.)

Renate: (whelks!)

Aryk: (Heh heh)

Renate: "Though I meant to say that one judges -- excuse me, Aryk?"

Aryk: (I was actually thinking merlins, like marlins)

Renate: (even better!)

Aryk: "I... um, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that."

Renate: "Didn't mean what, exactly?"

Alan: Templeton has turned back to the map; Sabra's suggesting routes through different streets to the dummy corporation's office, and Templeton (who lived there for a while) is being asked for advice.

Aryk: "Noth... Well, I mean..." Aryk instinctively scoots back in his chair, his eyes glued to the floor. "I... I just meant that you can't feel sorry for yourself... if if if you're not going to do anything about it, when chances present themselves."

Renate: If Aryk is expecting an explosion, he doesn't get one. "Oh," is all she says, rather dismally.

Aryk: "...Oh? Just.... 'OH?!" Aryk stands up. Maybe it's the 'apple-juice,' maybe it's the stress.

Aryk: "...DAMMIT, RENNIE!"

Aryk: "J....JUST SNAP OUT OF IT ALREADY!"

Renate: Now the explosion. "Aryk, sit down and don't be an idiot!"

Aryk: "NO, YOU DON'T BE AN IDIOT!"

Aryk: "THE ONLY TIMES YOU'VE SMILED SINCE THIS HAPPENED TO YOU HAVE BEEN TIMES WHEN YOU'VE MADE YOURSELF SMILE! WELL I'VE HAD IT!"

Renate: She fixes a look of apology on her face and turns it on the Church-gathering at the table.

Alan: The group over at the table pointedly does their best to pretend nothing is happening.

Alan: "So, glazed nuts? There was a vendor," Sabra says. "I could go for some glazed nuts," Randall replies.

Aryk: "You can't just be content with being miserable! With feeling like you've become useless because of this!"

Aryk: (That's funny)

Alan: They skulk out of the car. (Whether or not they're sympathetic, it's not the right time to butt in.)

Renate: Renate folds her arms and refuses to answer Aryk until he lowers his voice.

Renate: Dorothy comes galumphing back from the far end of the car, bristling at the raised voices.

Renate: Renate orders her down, quietly but firmly. She obeys, though her hackles are still raised.

Aryk: "Well?"

Aryk: "Say something, so I feel like I'm actually saying something valid here and not being a TOTAL jackass."

Renate: She rubs her chin, meditatively. "I'm not doing nothing," she says. "I'm trying to learn what I have within to manage with, is all, instead of seeking help from outside myself. Sabra's been helping me."

Renate: "It matters, Aryk. It matters that I do this myself. Did you understand any of what I was telling Templeton, before you started screaming your head off?"

Aryk: "No! No I didn't! All I know is that you haven't been yourself since this all happened, no matter what sort of front you put up. And I don't like seeing you like this."

Aryk: "I want to help, but you don't want my help. Or Rien's. And you pushed Coris away because of it!"

Aryk: "Shit." Aryk wishes he could punch himself.

Renate: Renate sighs. "Some help isn't really help, Aryk. It's a sign of superiority. I'm better than you, so I'll ever-so-graciously condescend to compensate for your worthlessness. I don't want that kind of attitude. It's wrong. Nobody's worthless. But I think..."

Renate: "I think maybe I'm not discriminating between that and the good kind of help as well as I ought to be. I'm sorry for that."

Renate: "And I'm sorry I haven't bounced back better."

Aryk: "Don't... don't be sorry." Aryk kneels before her. "Just... please, sis," Aryk takes her hands, "Do something about it. If not for you, than for us. For Karlbotel. For all of Northrock."

Aryk: (Aryk has slipped into monologue mode, totally involuntarily. It's always proved useful before.)

Renate: "I am. I will. And until Templeton made his offer, I didn't understand why. But I do understand, now."

Aryk: Aryk nods. "Okay. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to blow up. It's not you, Rennie. It's... it's... it's fuckin' everything."

Renate: Renate had been about to explain her insight, but it isn't needed. She knows, and that's enough. "What do you mean?" she asks instead.

Aryk: "It's not knowing about Rien. It's being back home. It's Adam. It's the Church. It's me. It's... it's Emily. It's everything. I'm sorry."

Aryk: Aryk just realizes that all his friends have left. He feels like a dumbass.

Renate: "Don't be," she says. "Forgive me; I've been terribly self-absorbed lately."

Aryk: "I don't blame you for it. I just don't want you to feel that way anymore."

Renate: "That's kind of you, Aryk, and I appreciate it. I'll try to do better. It's not just the eyes, though what's frustrating about that is that I *don't* feel able to help Rien the way I'd like. It -- gets lonely, I suppose. I get to feeling like the world stops at my fingertips. It's nobody's fault. It just weighs on me."

Aryk: "Oops. I guess I scared everyone off."

Renate: "They'll come back."

Aryk: "Rien's... okay... right?"

Renate: "I don't know. I hope so. We'll do our best for him, all of us."

Aryk: Aryk nods. "Okay." He hugs her.

Renate: "You and Rien and I -- that's Fate."

Renate: "I don't think whatever's got Rien is stronger than that."

Aryk: "Yeah," Aryk smiles, "That's right." Aryk walks over to the car door and opens it, and shouts to the world in general, "YOU CAN COME BACK NOW! I'M DONE VENTING!"

Renate: Renate greets the returning seminarians with a heartfelt "Gomen-nasai" and a deep bow.

Alan: Randall wordlessly offers Aryk a paper cone of glazed nuts.

Renate: "As I was saying, Jitsuryoku-sama," she says calmly, "if one takes an elk as one's chosen form of perfection, then one can only be disappointed in the merlin."

Aryk: Aryk takes it graciously. "Thanks, yo, you read my mind."

Renate: "But merlins have their uses -- and so, I must believe, do blind girls."

Alan: "The book of Uriel, which is concerned strongly with absolutes, rebuts the doctrine of perception... but that is a debate to be held another day."

Renate: "Absolutes are all very well, but my point is that they are multiple."

Aryk: "I could go for some fish, right now."

Renate: "I will add another to the consciousness of the world, if I can."

Alan: "And not a moment too soon," Sabra says, which is confusing until you feel the clack of the hitches engaging as the train starts to move.

Alan: The journey cross-country to Rivalon is swift; the train slows through some switches amid the suburbs, but then bypasses the city itself and picks up speed again as it heads north.

Alan: Templeton passes the time in games of chess with Randall and Sabra.

Renate: Renate has picked up the soldier's trick of sleeping anywhere and everywhere; she curls up in a seat, Dorothy on the floor beside her.

Alan: He proves very hard to beat, with only moderate offensive ability, but a patient and foresightful defense that's hard to crack.

Alan: Randall points out Linten's Ford, as you whiz past it a few hours after lunch.

Aryk: Aryk acknowledges it with a sigh.

Alan: Shortly after Linten's Ford, the terrain grows hilly; these are the foothills of Mount Davon, the single grand peak, an inactive volcano, which defines the entire kingdom of Tempest.

Renate: Renate awakens abruptly as they pass the border. Disoriented, she clutches at the arms of the seat almost as though they were prison bars. "Wha'?"

Alan: Rivenlight, Tempest's ruler, makes his lair there; one of the few dragons who adopts an animal-like cave dwelling to set himself apart from comfort-obsessed mortals.

Alan: (Since dragons are alien to the game world, there's no lore about gold-filled dragon treasure troves... living in a cave, for a dragon, is like being a hermit.)

Aryk: Aryk is sitting next to Renate. "Nothing, sis. We've nearly arrived at the station."

Renate: (With some interesting connotations, I'm sure. The early monastic hermits were escaping various forms of sin.)

Alan: (On their own homeworld, they just had fortresses, some underground, but always furnished to their own aesthetic.)

Alan: (Note on their acclimatization to our world -- there doesn't seem to be a uniquely draconic artform or design sense. They've just adopted mortal views in that regard.)

Renate: "Station? We're -- oh. Right." She uncurls herself and stretches out her legs over Dorothy's body. "Forgot where I was. I wake up and I don't automatically know."

Alan: (Philosophers suggest they never had art or design; hence their seeming blindness to the power of art in social change.)

Aryk: "...That must be hard."

Aryk: (Good to know for Aryk then, eh?)

Renate: "Not so much hard as, well, disconcerting." She refuses to say that it frightens her. "Like every time I wake up I might be in something like Rien's box."

Renate: "Or the world has suddenly stopped existing except for me."

Aryk: "Oh, I see. ...Well, that's why you have friends like me around. I'll make damned sure I end up in a box before you, so long as I live and breathe."

Renate: "Don't be so dramatic. It's just nerves, both of us."

Aryk: Aryk shrugs. "Maybe."

Renate: Amused, she presses him, "And maybe it's...?"

Alan: The train stops for a change of engine, to a slower and more powerful one capable of towing it up to Davon City's mountain terraces.

Aryk: "Eh? I don't know, maybe it's what? What do you want me to say? It's nothing but simple fact, sis, if you haven't figured it out by now. I'd give up everything for you and Rien."

Renate: "Oh, is *that* what you meant. I thought you were saying there was something wrong with us besides nerves."

Alan: The train passes in and out of mountain tunnels, carved into the mountainside to smooth out its winding ascent.

Aryk: "Heh, no, don't need to point that out. We both know all three of us have issues."

Alan: At length, the vessel pulls into a station, relatively busy, but nothing compared to Gereval's.

Aryk: Aryk smirks. He's just realized that he's among most of the friends he's grown up with, yet he finds himself by Renate's side througout the trip.

Aryk: "Alright... now we're here."

Renate: "I know. Help me with these buckles?" Dorothy waits, front paws on Renate's lap, for her harness to be buckled on.

Alan: "Okay," Sabra says. "I have to go give the word to our doubles, who'll start their journey into the Patchwork Kingdoms. Randall knows the rest of the plan; he'll show you how you're getting out of the railyard into the city without drawing attention."

Renate: "Hm. Maybe I don't want to bother with the buckles, at that. Randall?"

Alan: One side of the train faces out into open air; the other side abuts the platform. Sabra opens a door on the precipitous side and drops down out of sight.

Alan: "Yes?"

Aryk: Aryk slings the zweihander over his shoulder and steps out of the car, taking in his surroundings.

Alan: Randall stops Aryk with a gentle hand before he can leave the car.

Renate: "What's the plan?"

Alan: He's already lowered the blinds on the windows, before you pulled into the station.

Alan: "Put these on," he says, pulling belts out of a large rucksack.

Aryk: "What the hell is it?"

Alan: Each belt has a device on it, apparently a closed spool for some sort of climbing line.

Alan: Randall attaches carabiners to the end of each line before handing out the belts.

Renate: Renate determines what it is with the tips of her fingers, nods, and puts it on. "It'll be all right if I leave Dorothy here, won't it?"

Aryk: "Ah, Zan told me about these. He and Rialto used them on the field often."

Alan: "Yes," Randall says. "We'll send someone for her very shortly."

Alan: "We're meeting a contact who'll handle things for us."

Aryk: "Sure we shouldn't bring her along though? Maybe we could use her nose."

Alan: "For now..." Randall reaches up to a bar built into the ceiling. "Templeton, hang from this a moment just to test it."

Alan: Templeton grabs the bar and lifts his feet off the ground, bouncing experimentally. "It is stable."

Alan: "Good," Randall says. "one at a time... just clip onto the bar, then drop down the mountain face. Use this lever to tension the cord." He guides Renate's hands to the lever.

Alan: "I'll demonstrate." Randall clips his carabiner to the bar, then clambers down out of the car, on the side opposite the station platform.

Renate: "Right," she says shortly. Masan Ahim taught her to climb; she knows the equipment.

Alan: There's a protective railing, but he just vaults over it and disappears down the mountainside.

Alan: Templeton follows, then you two.

Alan: Sabra did this without the equipment, presumably with a little cat-style climbing.

Alan: (Renate could presumably do the same, but it's a long way down.)

Renate: Renate focuses on not letting her line twist, on meeting the cliff-face with her feet and nothing else.

Renate: (She wouldn't trust herself, not yet.)

Aryk: Aryk goes with Renate. Blind as she is, she's till better at rappelling than he.

Alan: Randall feels his way down to a thin path, some sort of maintenance route used by the railroad.

Alan: He takes off the belt and grabs the railing on the outside of the path, hurriedly following it to a door set into the mountainside.

Renate: Renate's sixth-sense stops where he does, and she gingerly lets herself down the last few meters, feeling for the path with her toes.

Alan: "We might be watched," he says, nodding toward a dragon who floats lazily on the breeze, far off in the distance, really just a coppery flash.

Alan: "We should be safe, though."

Renate: She follows him, trailing her fingers along the rocks -- and only then realizes she's forgotten her cane.

Renate: Oh. Damn. Well, too late now. She ducks down behind a jutting boulder. "Why would they care?"

Alan: A few paces inside the maintenance tunnel, pitch dark after the glow of dusk, an unfamiliar woman says, "Do you have identification?"

Alan: Randall replies, "I left my card in my other robe."

Alan: "Right," the woman says, satisfied; it must have been a password. "You're the Church agent."

Alan: As Randall's eyes adjust, Renate gets an impression of prematurely aged competence and hardness; a woman who's chosen a tough career without a lot of advantages or training, and made good enough despite that.

Renate: Renate is inclined to think her an omen, a sign that Renate herself is on the right track.

Alan: "No need for us to know each other's names. Here are your accomodations, here's a dossier on Lune d'Arge, here are floor plans of the building, and here is a wad of scrip from a Tempest conglomerate."

Alan: "The scrip will help keep up your front as a foreign contractor."

Alan: "What else needs done? You need supplies moved out of your car?"

Renate: Renate stands still and silent, so as not to let her disability betray her identity. It is easy enough, in the dim light; they can see hardly better than she anyway.

Aryk: "Foreign contractor," Aryk says, mostly to himself. "Alright. I'll put on my best Lanyarian accent."

Alan: Randall nods. "Yes, all luggage from our car, to be moved to our rooms. And there's a dog, who... Renate? Will your pet be comfortable if someone else leads her a ways?"

Alan: He pitches this so only Renate can hear.

Renate: "Oh, yes," Renate whispers back. "She's perfectly friendly."

Renate: "Harness'll give us away, though. Can't be helped."

Alan: "Yes, there's a dog, who should go with you pleasantly. Just take off her harness and use a rope collar or something."

Alan: "Fine, I like dogs. Oh, a warning for you. The city's kind of tense right now."

Aryk: "The dog, it's fond of cheese," Aryk adds.

Alan: "There's some kind of standoff between the Mage Knights and the government. Gainesborough Castle is under an unofficial siege."

Aryk: "Wh... really?"

Alan: "Last I heard, the Mage Knights were waiting for Artimecia, their guildleader, to return from some sort of dragon meeting in Ordillus."

Renate: "Any notion of the whys and wherefores?"

Aryk: "Could that mean that she hasn't returned, and they're upset?"

Alan: "The Mage Knights wanted to declare independence of the government. They've always been a bit above the law, but..."

Aryk: "Not offically, eh?"

Alan: "The pundits are saying if the Mage Knights can declare true independence from the government, that would be a step towards overthrowing their own dragon guildhead."

Renate: "Who's saying that? The government? Not that I disbelieve you; it just sounds a bit like an excuse for a purge."

Alan: "Solara Gitan's leading the movement, and she's got known ties to this 'Sage's Republic' movement."

Alan: "So it's pretty plausible to me."

Aryk: "Solara Gitan." Aryk looks to Renate. "I remember her."

Renate: "As do I," Renate says, without revealing what, if anything, the remembrance means to her.

Alan: "Yeah, they've got this whole cabal thing. They're all pushing this kooky anti-dragon agenda in different ways."

Renate: Her mind is churning furiously, but she lets Randall and Aryk ask the questions. Perhaps they... certainly Rien would be...

Alan: "I'm not going to say if I sympathize or not. I'm going to say it sounds like a good way to get dead."

Renate: "I daresay."

Alan: "When Artimecia gets back, I expect ah, what do you call it, 'rapidly unfolding scenario.'"

Aryk: "I see. Well, that's all something to deal with after this, then. For now, we have bigger merlins to fry, as they say,"

Renate: "I think it may be the same thing, actually," Renate muses.

Aryk: "Are you saying the Mage Knight thing is tied in with R... our friend's situation and my friend's disappearance?"

Renate: "I think we'll find our friend in or near the castle, and that's as far as I'm prepared to go," Renate says.

Alan: The investigator chuckles hoarsely. "A friend disappearing? Funny thing, I thought you were chasing down a drug ring."

Alan: "Well, the less I know, the better for all of us, right?"

Alan: "If your friend's mixed up with Mage Knights, hey, could damn well be."

Aryk: "Er... right, well, see, he disappeared because of a drug ring, see? It's all very complicated."

Renate: Renate shrugs. "You think we're the first, coming here?"

Alan: "I bet."

Alan: "Out-of-towners come to this city all the time. Half of them up to no good. The other half hiding from the first half. Makes for a lot of business for me."

Renate: "Stay safe, now. We won't be."

Alan: "Good luck... you need more intel, this Agent knows how to find me." The investigator moves off through the tunnel.

Aryk: Aryk scowls at the woman. "Damn. I slipped up. Sorry."

Renate: "It's all right," Renate says. "Where we're going, there's noplace she can sell the information that'll hurt us any worse."