	Rien knocks on Renate's door tentatively, still not entirely sure if he should be there. "Renate? Are you home?"

	"Rien? Come in! It's open. Just come to chat, or do you need something?"

	Rien opens the door; Renate is sitting at her desk, writing busily with an old-fashioned pen, its sharp angled nib a shining bronze where it is not black with ink.

	"Look... uh... I... uh," he begins. He scratches his head. "Aryk just came and talked to me... wanted to know if he could move in."

	Renate nods, without surprise. "Did he? Good."

	"I just wanted to know if you knew why."

	Renate turns in her chair to face him. "I asked him to."

	"Why?"

	"Because I think it'll be better for you to have a roommate. Not to be alone. Plus, it's a break on the rent."

	Rien is suddenly suspicious. "The government pays my rent... you know that."

	She chuckles. "True enough. Might as well get some extra use out of their money, I suppose."

	"OK... what's actually going on here?"

	"Do you think it's a bad idea?"

	"Don't you think I can be trusted on my own or something?" Rien is now really suspicious. Aryk coming and asking to move in was very unexpected, and after previous experiences, he feels like he's being watched.

	Renate raises her light eyebrows. "Look, if you don't like the idea, you can turn it down," she says reasonably. "I thought you might actually like it. Aryk's a good sort. Rude, uncivilized, and mouthy, but basically decent. You took it quietly enough when I moved here. In fact, you practically invited me to."

	"I know I invited you... but..." Rien sighs. "I don't even know why I came down here. I promised myself I'd stop jumping to conclusions. But..."

	Renate cocks her head to one side, inquiringly. "But Aryk's different?"

	"No, no... Aryk's... well, aside from the obvious biological differences, you're both people I hope I can count as friends, but after his" -- Rien taps his temple -- "recent antics, I always get the feeling you two are watching what I do, waiting for him to come out again. It could just be me being paranoid, but..."

	Renate caps her inkwell, before the ink can dry up, and scatters sand over the close-written page. "I think it's fair to say we *are* watching, in fact. The real question is why."

	"Well? Why, then?"

	"I can't speak for Aryk. You'll have to ask him what he thinks. But for myself, I can say that I like you, and I want to help you if I can. Both of you. From what I've seen, you're both decent people who have caught some really exquisitely bad breaks. I feel bad about that. I want to -- ugh, this sounds so silly! -- I want to help. And the only way I know how to help is -- hands-on I guess you might call it. Active. I'm not sure that answers your question."

	Rien looks perplexed.

	"I guess it didn't, huh? Um, shall I try again? Or can you ask a different question?"

	"No, no... I... I hear what you're saying. I've... just never had anyone say they want to help me before."

	"Well, from what I gather, you -- you Rien, as opposed to you Trancey -- haven't actually lived as yourself very long. There hasn't been much time for anyone to say that to you." Renate shrugs. "Not to mention that you shove people away in no uncertain terms."	Renate starts counting off on her fingers. "And you think the worst of people. And you assume everyone you meet wants to hurt you."

	Rien looks sheepishly at his feet. "I don't mean to, it's just my trying to protect myself from another situation like K... like before."

	"*And* you stutter. What's this about someone starting with a k-sound?" Renate folds her arms, waiting for an answer.

	Rien sits down heavily on the couch. "Someone starting with a k-sound? Ha," he laughs bitterly, "you could call it the root of all of this."

	"Really? Everything? Is that why there's you and there's Trancey?" Renate pushes her chair out from her desk to come sit beside him on the couch, folding her legs under her.

	"Well, no. I don't know why there's me and Trancey. My earliest memory is about 10 years ago now, when I woke up from a strange dream, to find myself in my bedroom...back in Andragar."

	Renate nods, her face tranquil. "Then this is something else."

	"I was informed by one of my father's servants that I had been the subject of an assasination attempt... and it had caused me to lose my entire memory. But, that's not the issue here."

	"Your father?"

	"Yes... I only ever met my father once. I was raised hands off by his servants and tutors. But... I'll talk about my family some other day. I believe we were talking about my stutter?"

	"Go ahead. Sorry." Renate lays a gentle hand on Rien's shoulder, saddened at the thought that he did not know his own father.

	"You've heard me mention that I met Aryk three years ago, when my body assisted in the banishing of the assassin Taryn Greylight?"

	"You mean Trancey assisted," Renate corrects quietly. "Give Trancey credit once in a while, when he earns it."

	"Yes, well, anyway. After that, I had some spare cash available, so I decided to go travelling."

	"Oh? Can be dangerous, travelling. So what happened?"

	"I left Ilium with a merchant caravan, acting as a passenger/bodyguard. There I met someone, someone who changed my world forever. Klara." Renate startles. Rien doesn't notice, too wrapped up in his story; Renate tells herself firmly not to make Rien any more upset than he already is. "Raven black hair, curly, petite, beautiful. Smart, fun, witty...that was Klara as I knew her. That was Klara as I loved her. Yes, I loved her, with all my heart, and with all my soul. And she loved me back. I may only have memories going back 8 years from that point, but I have never felt anything so perfect, so wonderful. It was like 10 kilos of life in a 5 kilo box."

	Renate has to look away from his face, it is so full of pain.

	"Klara didn't know about him." Rien taps his temple again. "I just didn't know how to tell her."

	"Oh." Her eyebrows knit.

	"We went for a walk one day, ahead of the caravan that had made camp for the day, to set up a trading stall along the road... We took a picnic lunch with us, walking hand in hand." Rien tells the story with the clarity and descriptiveness of much hindsight. "We found a nice spot in a canyon a ways from the caravan's camping spot. Then they attacked. All I can remember is a large group of men jumping out of the bushes and caves around us, then I blacked out."

	Renate slides one hand under one of Rien's, then puts her other hand on top.

	"When I came to, I was alone, surrounded by piles of corpses, bloody and hacked to pieces. Many bearing scorch marks, a few waterlogged, some up in trees distant and a few buried up to the waist in the solid rock of the canyon walls. I was covered in blood, and repulsed by the sight of the carnage surrounding me... and Klara was nowhere to be seen."

	"Wow." Renate sees in her mind's eye a vivid image of Rien searching through corpses for his lover, and shudders.

	"I looked for her, but couldn't find her, so I returned to where the caravan had camped. I was met at the edge of the camp by Klara's father and a group of men, all armed. 'In his official capacity as leader of the caravan I was asked to leave the caravan's grounds'. Really, though? He said to me, 'Get away from me, my caravan and my daughter you freak. I don't want you anywhere near her again.' I was handed my pack and told to leave. I saw Klara as I was going."

	"Oh. Damn. And?"

	"She wouldn't even look at me. She was afraid of me!"

	Rien starts to cry; Renate pulls his head down onto her shoulder. "So Trancey saved her life, and she dumped you for it. Not exactly fair."

	"He saved all our lives, but... well, you know him. He shows no mercy."

	"He healed me once."

	For all I know these guys could have been begging me to spare them, and I just coldly killed them."

	"That doesn't seem terribly likely, Rien. Bandits aren't known for mercy either. And coming down on two unarmed people..." She shakes her head. From her hip pocket, she extracts a clean linen handkerchief. "Here. Hang onto it. It's safe to cry here, you know."

	 Rien takes it and wipes his eyes.

	"Sounds like you still miss her."

	"Like you wouldn't believe."

	"Oh, I believe."

	"A day doesn't go by when I don't think of her. And there are all too many reminders lately. Since then, though, it seems that I'm always being shunted from one place to another. I just get somewhere and I'm already being told to 'go away, freak.' I may as well change my name by deed poll to 'freak,' then at least I would be named what I am."

	"Shhhh. Don't call yourself names." Renate brushes his hair away from his face.

	"I went all over this continent, even passed through Karlbotel at one point. Went through the Patchwork Kingdoms, went into the Northern Empires, shunting from place, to place, to place."

	"I'm sorry I missed you," Renate murmurs.

	"I even went to the eastern continent, and was declared a freak there too... in a place where people summon planar spirits to power mechanical machines."

	"And it's all Trancey's fault, is it?" Renate asks, very low.

	Rien sighs. "No... I don't know. I know it's not mine... at least, I don't know if it is... I can't remember. My memory is more full of holes than Ysthh Cheese."

	"You're acting like that's what you believe."

	"I mean, every time he may have been protecting me, and I respect him for that, but... I'm the one that has to live with the consequences, not him."

	"You could retire, you know. Live quietly in Ilium or somewhere, somewhere safe. Then Trancey wouldn't have anything to do. But you won't do that, will you?"

	"I can't! I have places to go and things to do, even if I don't know what they are."

	Renate nods. "I thought not. I, um, I don't think Trancey's escaped scot-free here. He knows you hate him, fear him, and shun him. He knows he's hurt you. And for all I know, he may be afraid you'll find some way to kick him out of your head."

	Rien sighs... again. "I don't... hate him, per se. I don't, really! He's my only way of defending myself, and I can't hate him for that. But, if i only had some way to control it, so I at least had a choice about it. Maybe this defense training you suggested would be the answer."

	"Hold on. Before we go there. If I were Trancey, first of all, I wouldn't want to be 'controlled.' Trancey's very good at what he does. And he doesn't hurt his friends -- your friends -- ever. Not me, not Aryk, and not Klara. Why would he cede control to someone who hates him and is ashamed of him?"

	Rien suddenly becomes angry. "I don't hate him! I don't! What I hate is dealing with the consequences of his actions."

	Renate takes her hands away from Rien and folds them in her lap, otherwise unmoved by his anger.

	"He takes over my body, and uses it to defend me, ok! Then when people are all weirded out by it, and I regain control, I have to deal with it. I'm the one that has to live with the rejection. I'm the one that has to deal with the hatred and fear. People are afraid of me, and I don't like that."

	"Do you think Trancey likes it? Me, I get the impression he doesn't think he has a choice."

	"I don't know! And I can never know, becuase I have no way of communicating with him, and I never remember anything that happens while he's in control."

	"Ah. There we are." Renate's calm is solid as granite. "Talking to him. Rien, dear, I think it's *you* getting in the way of that. And I think it's you -- partly -- making people distrust you and Trancey."

	Rien looks up at her suddenly. "Me? How?"

	"Well... for all that you loved Klara, you don't seem to have put yourself in her shoes. A man she loved, a man she thought she knew -- and he hides a large part of himself from her. What was she supposed to think, Rien? At the very least -- if she was charitable -- she must have thought you didn't trust her."

	"Well, how would you suggest I had told her about it? 'Hi, I'm Rien, and I have a split personality, one of which sometimes takes over my body and kills people in my defense'?"

	"That's reasonable. Gets the message across. But you forgot 'And he'll never hurt you, because you're my friend.' That's an important bit too. Not to mention 'And he's hell on zombies.'"

	"Woomph."

	"There it is. And there's 'I'm scared of him too, but I need him.' Rien, dear, you complain that people don't understand you, when you never give them a chance to. It's not fair. Yes, people are cruel, yes, people are thoughtless -- but that's not all people are. And not all people are that. Or something. Do you hear me?"

	"And you think that telling people about him, up-front like that, will somehow keep them from considering me a freak when he does decide to pop out and do his flashy tricks?"

	"It removes the element of surprise. And the element of dishonesty. I do think it would help. It might even help you forgive him."

	Rien goes very quiet and withdrawn for a moment. Renate waits for him to do his thinking. Suddenly, the world around Rien bends in impossible angles, and Renate knows it's not Rien sitting there any more. "Hi, Trancey," she greets the white-eyed creature that had been Rien. "Are you all right with that name, or would you prefer another?"

	Trancey Rien looks down at Renate. "To be honest," Rien says in his choral voice, "I don't know what my name is, so that will do as well as any other."

	"If you like. You can pick out another one if you want to." Renate is very careful to keep her voice mild and her stance open, to do nothing to suggest fear or dislike.

	"*Does* what I do scare you, Renate? I can see something there... you're trying to hold it back, but there's... something."

	Renate thinks about that, trying to reach an honest answer. "Yes," she says. "Some things you do scare me. But lots of things scare me; I get scared all the time. You don't scare me any more than that. And as I get used to you, I'm less scared, because I know what to expect from you. I just wish you and Rien weren't on the outs, so to speak."

	"We're not... well, not as much as you seem to believe. It is difficult to know that the one who's body I share fears me, but it's not something unexpected." Trancey Rien looks down, a hint of shame on his face. Renate nods. "I have done things that he has every right to fear me for."

	"I'm trying to help with that. Do you believe me when I say I'm trying to help?"

	Trancey Rien does not answer, at least not directly. "I have used his body in ways he didn't want to be used. And used is exactly the correct term."

	"Trancey? Are you sorry for that? I think it would matter a lot to Rien if you were."

	"For some things, no. I did them becuase they had to be done, and there was no choice. But I am sorry for a lot of it. A lot of things I could have handled differently."

	"Yes, I think you could have too. But that's past. Over. Forgive yourself, and do differently next time. That's all you can do. Can I take a message to Rien for you? He wants to talk to you, you know."

	"Maybe you're right."

	"Stopped clocks are right twice a day," Renate grins.

	"Tell Rien... tell him... tell him that I'm sorry for what I've done to him."

	"I will."

	"And tell him to remember that I am always watching out for him, that I will always be there to keep him out of trouble, as best I can... even if it means taking him into it."

	"All right."

	"And tell him to stop watching over his shoulder for Taryn Greylight. He won't be coming after him or any of his allies any time soon, not unless he wants Ghoster to... get nasty with him."

	Renate grins. "I'll let him know. Thanks, Trancey. Want a hug, before you go?"

	Trancey Rien wraps one wind-swept arm around her, and she feels a cooling breeze enter the room. Renate hugs him back with all her strength. "I am sorry for you too," he says, "for having to deal with the depressive moods I cause."

	"Don't worry about it. Rien's there for me too -- and believe me, I can be as bad as he is. Worse."

	"You forget... I know all about it. I see everything that he sees, knows everything he knows. It's a shame it doesn't work both ways, but there's nothing I can do about that."

	"All right, so you know I'm telling the truth." Renate reaches up to ruffle Trancey's wind-tousled hair. "I like you guys. Value you. Both of you. Quit apologizing for that."

	Trancey Rien looks vaguely sheepish. "I have to go now. As usual, Rien won't remember any of this."

	"That's all right. That's what I'm here for."

	Renate takes a careful hold on Trancey, so that she can comfort Rien when he comes to. "See you, Trancey. Be good." The universe seems to bulge out on itself, folding in mind-shattering angles. Rien slumps against Renate, unconscious. Renate lays him carefully down, arranging his arms comfortably and slipping a pillow under his head. His legs slide off onto the floor -- there's no room on the couch; it can't be helped.

	As Renate is leaning down close to him, Rien sits up suddenly, narrowly missing knocking heads with her. "Easy, there," she tells him.

	"Oh saints... what happened this time?"

	"Nothing. Trancey just wanted to chat." Can *nothing*, not even Trancey, disturb Renate's sang-froid? "He's been listening to us talk. Wanted to get in his two coppers' worth."

	"I suppose he would. It's not nice to listen to two people talk about you and not be able to let them know what you think. So what did he want to say?"

	"He wanted to know if I was afraid of him. I told him yes, but not so much. Then he said that he doesn't like that you're afraid of him, but he expects it." 

	Rien nods. "More or less what I expected, too."

	"He admitted that he's done some pretty scary things. And he said that he wishes he'd done some things differently. So that it would have been easier on you."

	Rien looks mildly surprised.

	"He said he was sorry for that, though he's not sorry he's kept you safe."

	"Truth be told, I'm not sorry about that either."

	"Well, you shouldn't be! Let's see... he's sorry, that's one thing he asked me to tell you, and he'll always be looking out for you, that's the second, and the third is... the third is... oh, yes, quit worrying about Taryn Greylight; he won't get anywhere near us."

	"He won't?"

	"So Trancey says. Says Ghoster'll do something nasty if he tries it. I didn't ask for specifics. Then I offered him a hug, and he actually took me up on it. Said he's sorry for me, having to deal with you, you mope you." Renate pokes Rien in the side, teasingly.

	"Yes, I'm sort of sorry about that too. I don't like to hand my problems to other people."

	"So I'll tell you what I told him: forget about it."

	"And that's what they are in the end, *my* problems."

	"Well, yours and Trancey's. But that doesn't mean I'm not allowed to help, does it?"

	'Ok... collective 'my,' then. I must be the only same person in the world who can say that."

	"Don't count on it. It's a big world. Look, you want to know what I did once?"

	Rien looks inquisitive.

	Renate interlaces her fingers, looking down at them as she twists them this way and that. "When I got home from chasing after my brother, I felt pretty awful about the whole thing. I mean, there I was, little Golden Child, and I'd messed things up every way I *possibly* could have. So I tried to turn myself back into Golden Child, instead of Total Failure. You know what I did? I went and gave myself a heatstroke." She looks up and waves, as if saluting an angel. "Hi, there, Uriel, come on down and collect me. If my trainer had found me any later than he did -- if my sister weren't as smart as she is beautiful -- if Godfrey weren't, well, Godfrey -- I wouldn't be sitting here talking to you. It was that close."

	"What were you doing?"

	"Training. In full armor. Without water and without rest breaks. On a day hot as Michael's flaming sword." She shakes her head. "Just stupid."

	Rien raises an eyebrow. "Not intelligent, but I have done worse."

	"Rien, honey, next to that, Trancey's worst tantrum doesn't even rate. I scared my folks horribly, for no reason. And it's not as if I was doing myself any good like that. Running myself into the ground, more like. I'm trying to learn where my limits are, so I don't go past them quite so often. But I'm not there yet."

	"Well, while you are, you know I'll always be there to carry you home. And put you to bed, and watch over you."

	Renate leans against him, smiling. "See? That's how it works. I told Trancey that, too. You pick me up now and then, I do the same for you. Not such a bad system, is it?"

	Rien puts his arm around her. "I suppose not. I will, however, endeavour to need as little picking up as possible. And if that means I have to come to terms with... whatever He is, then so be it."

	"Oh, don't be like that. It's not like I resent helping you or anything. I'm honored, really. That you trust me."

	"I don't need to give you a message to pass on to him the next time you see him... I get the feeling he already knows."

	"He does. He knows everything you do. He told me he wishes it worked the other way around too, but he can't make it go that way. But I'll pass messages, when I see him. And you're always free to talk to him. He listens. At least as well as I do."

	"Yes... I figured as much."

	"Well, give it a try. I think Trancey's lonely, too. Lonelier even than you, maybe."

	"I will. Would you and like to go out to dinner tonight? With Aryk, if I can get him to join us? To celebrate his moving in?"

	Renate grins. "Dancing afterward? I still owe Aryk. And I just bet Trancey can dance."

	"I suppose we'll find out, won't we?"

	She shrugs. "We might. We just might."

	